Game Night with Chris's Mom



Rainbow's suggestion of a fun and casual night of drinking at Chris's Mom's house with both their brothers had been graciously accepted, and once everyone had a good buzz on, Rainbow suggested playing "a fun game." 

"My brother and I played this with my friend Rose and her brother. Each couple draws a card, and the low card has to do something sexual."

Chris's Mom grinned. "Sounds like fun, except I don't see any couples here. Or are you trying to make a move on my big brother?"

Rainbow playfully punched Chris's Mom on the shoulder. "We could be really risky and pair up sibling teams."

Chris's Uncle waved his hands, "No way. Why would you even suggest something like that?"

Everyone laughed. "Yeah, that's what Rose said too," Rainbow shrugged.

So they made teams of Chris's Mom with Rainbow's brother and Chris's Uncle with Rainbow. Both teams kissed and groped a little, but then Rainbow's brother's team had a streak of bad luck and ended up naked and rubbing up against each other while Rainbow and Chris's Uncle had barely done anything. 

"Geez," Chris's Mom said awkwardly, "I think I need a break. Or I need to be drunker."

"I really don't like seeing you this way," her brother said. "Put your clothes back on, please."

Rainbow sighed. She'd been enjoying the exquisite jealousy of seeing her man naked with another woman, especially a good friend. But she had other ideas for how this night could end.

As the four of them continued drinking and talking and petting Chris, Rainbow prodded Chris's Mom and Uncle a bit about being overly conventional and closed minded. She seemed to take a little offense at that. "Rainbow, I don't think you know what you're talking about. Besides, you come off as a bit of a Good Girl yourself most of the time. I didn't know you got so wild when you get drunk."

Rainbow tried again to suggest they go back to the game, but with sibling teams this time. "It would prove to each other how wild we can get, and how much we trust each other!"

Chris's Mom seemed interested, but Chris's Uncle put his foot down. "You guys have gotten way too drunk. As a big brother my first job is to keep you out of trouble, and you--" he pointed his finger at Rainbow accusingly-- "are trying to cause big, big trouble."

Rainbow flashed her brother a look. They'd talked about this, and it was time for a change of plans. "You're absolutely right, man," Rainbow's brother said. "We let this go a little too far. Let's get out of here, you and me, and there won't be any more trouble tonight."

The two drunk brothers stumbled out into the night while their sisters watched them go somewhat longingly. "So when you tried this with your other friends ... ?" Chris's Mom let the implied question hang in the air between them.

"I dunno how," Rainbow explained, "but somehow I convinced everyone to try it."

"So have you and your brother really ... ?" Chris's Mom couldn't seem to finish a question, but Rainbow noticed her nipples were hard and poking through her shirt.

"We didn't lose that night," Rainbow said with a grin. "But let's just say I've tasted more of my brother than you have of yours."

Chris's Mom clapped her hands in surprise and glee. "OMG, Rainbow. I had no idea the sort of thing you get up too." Then her face turned suddenly sad. "I'm sorry our game ended early."

Rainbow scratched idly behind Chris's ears. "Well there IS a way I thought of that we could keep playing, but it's kind of even riskier than playing with our brothers."

"What do you mean?"

Rainbow grabbed Chris's front paws and lifted him onto his hind legs. "I mean there's still one dick left in the room. We draw and loser does something with our best friend here."

Chris's Mom's face went immediately beet red.

"Don't tell me you don't know how horny your dog is, C.M. When I was dogsitting he was constantly trying to get at my crotch and showing off his dick. If you minded you would've had him fixed, right?"

She just kind of squeaked in response and took a big drink. "You really want to play this game, Rainbow?" The question came out in a whisper, even though they were alone together.

"As long as both of us agree, no backing out. No matter what. We play until one of us takes his knot."

Chris's Mom squeaked again. "You know about that?"

Rainbow gave that smile that always lights up a room. "I told you, I saw his dick. It's impressive. I did a little reading up on canine anatomy."

"I can't believe I'm doing this."

Rainbow secretly wondered if Chris's Mom meant "doing this" at all or just "doing this" with Rainbow. She still had her suspicions that Chris was a little too experienced for this to be a completely new idea for his owner. They quickly worked out an order of activities and started drawing cards.

Rainbow lost the first round and had to let Chris lick her full in the face for a few seconds. She also lost the second round, which involved kissing back. It was a thrill to entwine her tongue with Chris's strong and eager one. She thought back to kissing him on her video chat with Sophie and felt herself getting wet.

She also lost the third round and had to strip down to her underwear. "This could be a quick night," she said as she shucked off her clothes. While her ultimate goal was to watch Chris's Mom take her own dog's knot, the alternative was also a satisfying option!

Chris's Mom lost next and took her own face licking. Then Rainbow lost again and had a good long full-body cuddle with Chris. The dog was getting more and more excited by all the attention, and both women noticed a smooth pink point beginning to emerge from Chris's furry sheath.

C.M. lost again and said, "I've never tried this before." She dove into her dog's mouth hungrily, and Rainbow watched their tongues lapping at each other. It was hard not to reach into her panties and start touching herself, but she resisted.

Another loss put Rainbow's friend back in her underwear too. But just when Rainbow was hoping to even up the score, she lost again and had to strip naked. And then she lost again and had to cuddle with Chris naked. She couldn't help but enjoy it, stroking Chris's fur, feeling his hot body against her own. She could feel her pussy juices drooling down her legs. Of course Chris responded, trying to turn around and lick her there, but Rainbow held on tight. When her turn was over she had to keep swatting his head away from her achingly desirous pussy. "Not yet, silly, I have to lose again first."

Finally Chris's Mom had a losing streak. Her cuddle with Chris was less innocent, because Chris was getting much hornier and harder to control. His cock was mostly unsheathed now, though it still hadn't swollen to full size. It poked against C.M.'s panties as they snuggled belly to belly. Then she quickly lost twice more and had to cuddle again, but naked. Chris's Mom spooned him, nuzzling his neck and stroking his belly, trying to keep him calm. But Rainbow couldn't help but notice that her hand kept brushing up against his quivering dick. She was kind of getting ahead of herself.

Rainbow lost again, and she wasn't unhappy about it at all. She spread her legs and leaned back against the couch. Immediately Chris's strong tongue parted her pussy lips, running over her from asshole to clit. With all the buildup of the evening she was cumming in only seconds. She moaned and closed her eyes, gripping the back of the couch as she orgasmed. Chris didn't stop, and neither did Rainbow, cumming twice more in rapid succession, before Chris's Mom finally grabbed him by the collar and pulled him away. She laughed and laughed. "I think you were enjoying yourself just a little TOO much there."

Rainbow tried to catch her breath and just replied, "Don't worry, you'll still get a turn." And she was correct, because Chris's Mom lost the next round and got her own licking. From how quickly C.M. parted her thighs and seemed to settle into a comfortable position with Chris's snout in her crotch, Rainbow was almost certain this was at least a semi-regular occurrence. Chris's Mom didn't cum right away. She had stamina (and maybe experience?) and took her time riding Chris's expert tongue, building up her arousal gasp by gasp, pinching her own nipples and encouraging her pet with grunts of "Good boy!" and, "Oh, Chris," until she finally ramped up to a wailing orgasm.

This time it was Rainbow's turn to pull Chris away. "Save some for when he fucks you," she teased.

"Oh my God, I can't believe we're really doing this," Chris's Mom moaned.

They both put away another shot before drawing the cards that would decide who touched Chris's cock first. The loser was Chris's Mom. Her face turned red, but she didn't hesitate to reach down and start stroking Chris's pointed pink penis. Rainbow didn't let her handle it for long. "Not too much, you don't want it to get too big for when it goes in your pussy."

Chris's Mom laughed. "What makes you think I'm going to lose?" And indeed, the next card came up low for Rainbow. The smooth slickness of Chris's dick just made her want it inside her.

"Come on, we still have to get through oral," Rainbow whined. "Let's get to the good part."

"I can't believe how horny you are," C.M. said, shaking her head and smiling. "Or at least I can't believe you're horny for my dog."

"I know, but look at that dick," Rainbow purred, pointing at the dog's swelling rod. Chris was wagging his tail, running back and forth between them, jumping up to put his front paws in their laps. His dick was wagging almost as much, waving as he moved, red and shiny as candy.

Tasty as candy, too, Rainbow thought, when she lost the next round and slurped his dick into her mouth. Chris's Mom held him steady as she gave him a quick blowjob. He tasted musky and meaty, and her fingers dropped down to her own clit as she orally pleasured her friend's dog in front of her.

"Holy fuck, Rainbow," Chris's Mom said. Her voice sounded both disgusted and impressed.

Rainbow released Chris's throbbing cock with a soft, wet "pop" sound. "Don't worry, there's plenty left here for you."

They drew cards again. Chris's Mom lost. "Shit," she said. Instead of turning red, the color drained away from her face. She looked like a ghost.

Rainbow giggled and touched the back of C.M.'s head, stroking her hair, and also gently pushing her toward her dog's exposed underside. Chris licked his owner's face. "I can't believe I'm doing this," she whispered, tears welling up in her eyes.

Now Rainbow started to think that maybe she HADN'T ever done this before. Maybe her friend was innocent after all and this was suddenly new and humiliating and degrading. The thought was so arousing she touched her clit and made herself cum just watching Chris's Mom slowly open her lips and let her dog thrust his penis into her mouth. Her tears overflowed down her cheeks. Chris started to hump at her face, but she pulled away from this insane debauchery.

Rainbow hugged her friend from behind. "One of us is going to lose now," she whispered in Chris's Mom's ear. "They're going to have to do the unthinkable while the other one watches." C.M. turned around. Their faces were inches apart, and each could smell dog dick on the other's breath.

"Will you really do it if you lose?" Chris's Mom asked.

"I'll have to," Rainbow answered. "Honestly, I almost hope I lose. Whoever gets that huge dick inside them is going to have a good time."

"You are one sick and twisted bitch," C.M. growled, smiling. She drew the Queen of Hearts and took a long, slow breath out. Rainbow could see the tension falling away from her shoulders.

"You haven't won yet," Rainbow countered, and drew a card. She flipped it over. Ace of Diamonds. She let out a whistle. "Aces high, like we said."

Chris's Mom's face went through a moment of disbelief, then a moment of agony, but quickly resolved into acceptance. She took a big drink, and then another. Her face was pink and flushed, but not embarrassed. "Oh fuck, Rainbow," she said, her voice breaking. "I'm going to do it." She dropped down onto her knees and Chris was jumping up behind her even before she bent over. "Oh God," she moaned with a shaky voice as she reached down between her legs and bent at the waist. "Help me," she said, looking Rainbow in the face, her eyes already glazing over with desire.

Chris's dick was hammering against his owner's pelvis, and Rainbow grabbed it and helped guide it into her friend's gushing pussy. C.M. let out a little howl as it pushed deep into her. Chris thrusted into her roughly, drilling deeper and deeper but popping all the way out each time. His mom wailed as he took her. Both of her hands were on the floor, steadying her from his unrelenting attack. His front paws dangled over her sides, and his muzzle panted hard breaths into her right ear. His tail waved madly and his balls jiggled while Rainbow watched the knot at the base of his cock swell. It went in and out and in and out and in, and then it was too big to come back out. Chris's Mom gasped and cried. "Ow, oh, ow, it's too big! Help! Rainbow, ow, ow."

Rainbow scooted around to face her friend. Chris had stopped thrusting and was now in unmoving ecstacy. Rainbow knew from experience that his hot pulsing dick was now filling her friend's pussy with warm loads of cum. "Just relax, C.M." She reached out a hand to brush the cheek that Chris's face wasn't nuzzled into. "I know it's big, but you're stuck now. Just relax and it will start feeling good, believe me."

Chris's Mom closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Rainbow watched her expression turn from pain and anxiety to calmness, and then, slowly, to pleasure. "Oh," she whispered. "It's so big."

"Is it starting to push on the right spot?" Rainbow asked.

C.M. gulped and nodded. "Oh. Ohhh. Chris, good boy, Chris. Ooohhhh." Her arms lost their strength and she rested her face against the floor. One hand moved to her clit. Words became moans, moans became sobs, sobs became screams, and Chris's Mom orgasmed with such force that Rainbow worried she was going to pass out. Finally she quieted down, but Chris wasn't finished. Rainbow petted her friend's head with one hand, and Chris's head with the other. "Kinda seems like you won instead of lost," she said, smirking.

"Thanks for helping me through it," Chris's Mom said, still impaled on her dog's throbbing, swollen cock. "But it seemed like you kind of knew what was happening. Like not just from reading about it."

Rainbow shrugged and smiled. "Okay, you caught me. I guess this is just one more thing we have in common. Friends forever?"

They both laughed as Chris's dick finally sprang free from C.M.'s stretched and abused pussy. "Friends forever," she said as dog cum flooded out of her and she collapsed onto the floor.
