How Fiona Got What She Wanted

by Dog5353



I met Fiona at a work party. She was hot, fit, and blonde, like three-quarters of the other women there, but she had a mischievous sparkle in her eye. She was small enough for me to pick up effortlessly, but tough enough that I wouldn't have tried. She was dating one of our account managers, but it must not have been very serious, because she ended up coming home with me. (That ended up creating an awkward problem for HR, but as a founder with plenty of stock on the table, it was always going to resolve in my favor. That's not a flex, just a fact of life.) That very first night, as we settled on my couch for a drink, she became suddenly very real and vulnerable. She wasn't there for my money, or to play games. She liked me, and she wanted to have fun together, and we talked and touched each other casually like old friends. My dog Max, a bouncy yellow lab, jumped up next to her, and she let him lick behind her ears. She snuggled with him and patted his head and booped his snoot while we laughed and chatted about everything and nothing. It was clear Max liked her too, because he kept nuzzling up to Fiona when she and I started making out. I mean, even I could smell how turned on she was, so I'm sure Max was over the moon. We let him whimper outside my bedroom door that first night. She rode me cowgirl at first, but only started cumming once we switched to doggy style.

In the middle of the night she nudged me awake and said, "I'm a hundred percent sure you're the kind of guy who's got handcuffs stashed under the bed. How about you chain me up and fuck me in the ass?" I was learning that Fiona was very direct and assertive. I liked that about her. When I pulled out my padded cuffs she grinned. "Those look comfortable. You can do my arms and my legs and keep me that way as long as you like." I cuffed her so she'd be immobile but not uncomfortable, and then I lubed up my cock. I started to lube her anus as well, but she groaned "Don't make this too easy. I like it when it hurts a little."

She didn't fight me as I forced my rock-hard cock into her tight little hole. She moaned and whimpered and cried out until I was balls deep in her ass. It was such a tight and dry spot that it actually didn't feel amazing for me, either. But I reached under and her pussy was dripping wet. I played with her clit while I slowly assfucked her, and she came, vocally, over and over, her orgasmic spasms doing more for my cock than her ass was alone. Finally I couldn't take it anymore and started reaming into her roughly, grasping her shoulders, breathing into her ear and pounding her ass with my dick until I finally shot my load into her. Her screams might have been her cumming again or maybe pure pain, I didn't even care at that point.

When I pulled out I could smell it before I saw it. My dick was coated in brown slime. "Got a little situation here," I told her, but I knew she could smell it too.

"Do I need to clean that off with my mouth?" Fiona asked playfully.

I was taken aback. "Is that something you want to do?"

"Hmmm," she considered. "If we were going to fly to Paris for the weekend tomorrow morning, it might be something I want to do."

And this is when I learned that Fiona was a deal-maker, a negotiator. She can't help herself. I liked her, and I could afford it, and it made me crazy and aroused that she would degrade herself so much to someone she'd just met to get something she wanted. "Okay, I'll get us tickets and a hotel, and I'll text Mike, my dog walker. But first--" I brought my shit-stained dick around to her mouth.

She was still chained up and couldn't get away even if she had wanted to. But Fiona didn't flinch. Not much, anyway. I could see a wave of nausea cross her face, but still she opened her mouth wide. God help me, that had my dick hard again, and I pushed it in. Her tongue swirled around my filthy penis, and she gagged and coughed as she worked, trying hard to keep her stomach contents down. I pushed deeper, slipping all the way to the back of her throat, and a flood of vomit spurted out of her mouth around my dick. She swallowed back what she could. I held her by the cheeks and fucked her mouth almost as hard as I'd fucked her asshole. And this beautiful angel, this girl I'd only met the night before, just looked deep into my eyes and took it. I came down her gullet and collapsed back onto the bed. I uncuffed her and sent her to take a shower while I arranged our trip.

We were a couple after that. We felt so much at ease around each other it was sometimes almost like we were brother and sister rather than lovers. Among my friends and co-workers, I quickly noticed that Fiona had the amazing ability to hone in on whoever held the most power in any given situation and to immediately cozy up to them. It wasn't to be manipulative, it was just to be part of the dynamic, to associate with the best people. Everyone loved her. She was very good at giving me whatever I wanted, but she always seemed to leverage that into getting what she wanted too. She was clever, beautiful, and willing to offer the filthiest things. She seemed to guess at my kinks before I could bring them up. She suggested threesomes, being spanked and pissed on, stripping for my friends, a week of her own orgasm denial. More adventures than I could have asked for. I started looking forward to what she would bring up next.

###

But there was something I wanted that she didn't guess at, and I felt so lucky to have what I had that I was slow to bring it up. Because it was far more taboo than any of the things Fiona had initiated. She might be a freak in bed, but this was way beyond that. She'd tasted shit and piss. She'd let me fuck her little sister and afterwards she'd incestuously eaten my cum out of her sister's pussy. If anyone would make my dream come true, it would be Fiona. But I still hesitated. Finally, after six months together, I found a way to hint at it.

Max, good dog though he was, liked to sniff at Fiona's crotch, especially when she walked around my penthouse apartment naked or in her underwear (which was a lot). She'd gotten used to gently batting him away or redirecting him, but he never stopped trying. One day, when she made an exasperated comment about how Max just would not leave her pussy alone, I said in a joking tone, "Maybe if you just let him sniff and lick till he's satisfied, he'd give it a rest. You might even enjoy it." Her eyes snapped up to mine immediately. I knew I'd been caught. She could tell I was serious. Her eyes flashed with anger. "Really, Mark? You want that?" I don't think I'd ever seen her like this.

"Um," I stammered. I couldn't tell her it was just a joke. She already knew it wasn't.

"Hmmm," she said, placing a finger to her lips. Her expression softened. "Maybe if I had a ring on my finger and a wedding date on my calendar, I'd let Max lick me till he's--till YOU'RE--satisfied."

I grinned. This was the Fiona I knew. Willing to do anything, as long as she got something in return.

"And you can forget about a prenup. And I want a round-the-world honeymoon." She tried to cram in as many bonuses as she could, but I didn't care. It was all worth it.

I proposed that very night at our favorite restaurant. There was a little afterparty with all her friends (they'd dropped everything for the surprise invite at a very exclusive club with very expensive champagne), and she Facetimed to tell her parents the news. When we got home, I took off her coat and she collapsed onto the couch, looking pale and more nervous than I'd ever seen her. She'd been happy and excited to have a wedding date, but she knew what came next.

"Maybe I shouldn't have been so quick to let you degrade me that first night," she laughed uneasily.

"Fiona, you don't have to do this tonight if it's too--"

"Mark, have you ever known me to go back on my word?"

"No."

"Or even be not up for something? Anything?"

"Usually you're the one suggesting things."

"I will admit I did not have you pegged as a guy who wants to watch a dog ravish his girlfriend."

"Fiancee."

"Right." She stood up and pushed the straps of her dress off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. She was naked underneath. She sat back on the edge of the couch and spread her legs. Max came bounding over and by reflex she first pushed his muzzle to the side.

I almost got up and went over to her. In my mind I pushed Max away and said she didn't have to and I started fucking her instead. But that didn't happen. Because instead she pulled Max's head between her thighs and slumped back against the couch while Max's rough tongue started lapping loudly at her pussy.

I did get up, but only to come sit next to her and hold her hand. I wanted a better view. Max's strong tongue had parted her slit and her pussy was looking pinker and wetter and swollen. Her head was rolled back, her mouth open, her eyes closed. "Mark. He's too good at this."

I squeezed her hand and she looked over into my eyes. Her legs were squirming. "What if I enjoy this too much?" she moaned. I kissed her, and we made out for a few moments, until her breath caught in her throat and she started making squeaking sounds I'd never heard from her before. Her hands fluttered uncontrollably and I looked down to see Max lapping faster and faster at her engorged clit while her juices squirted out over the unbothered dog's face. Fiona was flailing and trying to close her legs, but Max was having none of it. He was perfectly content getting what he wanted.

When the noises from her throat changed to strangled gasps I finally got up and got Max's leash and pulled him off her. She melted into an almost literal puddle. After a half hour she regained the power of speech. "I didn't know it was possible to cum that hard." I carried her to bed. "I don't think I can move," she said, "but you can fuck me anyway. You should get to cum too."

I was so turned on by what I'd seen it didn't take long. Fiona's pussy was a soft swamp of dog slobber and her own girl cum, and she squeaked a little again when I drilled into her, but still barely moved. I unloaded deep inside her, satisfied but strangely unmoored. What would happen next? I couldn't tell. We cuddled and drifted into sleep.

###

In the morning, Fiona was still dead to the world when I woke up. I went to the kitchen to make omelets, and she eventually appeared, showered and dressed in a silk robe over panties and tank top. While we ate, she peppered me with questions. "Have you ever watched a girl do that before?"

"I've seen videos. But it's way better in person."

"How long have you been into it?"

"I think I saw my first video like that in college. I never thought I'd meet a girl who would do it."

"I know a lot of sex stuff, but I truly did not think that was a thing people do."

I got up and hugged her from behind. "You did seem to enjoy it." I took our plates to the sink.

"Yeah," she said while my back was turned to her. "I kind of hate myself now."

"Really?" I spun her around and looked her in the face. Her expression was dark, though her mouth was smiling.

"Well, hate's the wrong word. Some combination of disgust, disappointment in myself, and disbelief that I let this happen."

I frowned and crouched next to her chair, embracing her in a tight hug. "I'm so sorry, Fio. I should never have suggested--"

She pushed me away. "I didn't say it didn't turn me on. You were there, right? I've never ever cum so hard in all my life. And it's not like just the licking was that good. It was letting an animal do it to me, just to please you, when I didn't really want to, like I was giving up on myself. I LIKE being degraded, you know that. But this was just so far beyond anything. Like it was all play before and now it's real. Now I'm REALLY degraded, like really worthless." Tears suddenly streamed down her face.

"Oh, Fiona," I said, trying to wipe her cheeks.

"I mean, I got what I wanted. I got you. But you're also the one who did this to me."

"I love you. You don't have to ever do it again."

In an instant she turned angry. "Because you say so? Because you control me? What if I WANT to do it again?"

I was confused now. I couldn't tell what she wanted anymore. So I just told the truth. "It did seem like you enjoyed it. Enjoyed it a lot, actually."

"You heard the part about me hating myself, though."

"I want you to keep doing it, if you want to. I don't want you to hate yourself. You can stop if it bothers you. I want to be married to you no matter what you choose."

Fiona sighed. "It doesn't matter now, really. I can't undo what happened. No matter what I do now, I'll always be a girl who let a dog make her cum. Cum harder than I've ever cum before." Her whole face and neck blushed bright red. "I came for a dog, the hardest I've ever cum, Mark. What am I?"

"You're the most incredible woman in the world to me."

"So from now on should I just let Max lick me whenever he wants? Or only when I want it? Or only when you want it?"

"You want me to decide?"

She nodded, her eyes welling with tears again. "I'm just too confused."

"Why don't we start this way. If you're walking around bottomless and Max starts to sniff you, you have to let him lick you. If you've got something on, you can take it off if you want, but otherwise just shoo him away like you've always done."

"Okay," she whispered. "But if I'm too scared, you have to promise to take my panties off, okay?"

I nodded, and we hugged again. I kissed her, but she turned away after just a peck.

###

For the next few weeks, Fiona threw herself into work. She had an excuse, she'd just been promoted to full editor at the publisher where she worked. She'd always networked at the gym in the mornings and parties at night, but never this much, and she was always nose-deep in a manuscript on the weekends. She kept fucking me, but distractedly and always plain old doggy style, never face to face. Sometimes she slept alone at her old apartment that had gone practically abandoned for months. She walked around my place fully dressed. Max jumped up on her to say hello every time she walked by, and she rubbed him down affectionately, but she seemed jumpy, like she wasn't sleeping well.

I accepted all this for a month or so, then I flew her to Paris again. On the flight, she leaned into my chest and admitted she was miserable. "I feel like garbage," she sobbed. "You can't marry me, Mark."

"Why not, baby?" I soothed, petting her hair while she convulsed against me.

"I don't think I can do what you want me to do."

"You've already done it," I said. "I'd never ask you to do anything more."

"Even though I stopped? You don't want me to keep going?"

"I want you to feel like you have a choice, Fio."

She spat back angrily, "I don't want it. I don't want a choice. That defeats the whole purpose."

When we got to the hotel, I told her about all the great food, all the sights, all the pampering those of our status had access to in this world-class city. Then I tied her to the bed and spanked her till her ass had gone from red to black-and-blue. I left her tied up and went to a restaurant by myself. I brought home a dish that smelled divine and I ate it myself in front of her. I slept on the couch in our suite and let her soil the bed. I spanked her more, let her have some water, and then left to do more solo sightseeing and dining. When I returned, I untied her, tossed her in the shower, fucked her in every hole, and let her sleep on the floor while I took the couch again. I paid for private cleaners to come deal with the room before the hotel staff even came in.

On the flight home, Fiona seemed almost her old self again. She couldn't really sit properly, so she leaned into my chest again, but she was playful and giggly. She kept pulling a blanket over us and teasing my cock or her own clit. "As soon as we get home, I'm going to give Max a big hug," she said. "And we've got to get serious about this wedding, we only have six more months to plan."

Max indeed jumped up on Fio as soon as she came through the door. She got down on one knee and put her arms around him while he licked her face all over. She laughed and quickly stripped naked. I'd barely got the luggage in and closed the door by the time Max had his face against Fiona's drooling cunt. She talked to him as he licked her: "Max, you're such a good dog, lick me harder, Max, such a good boy, use your tongue on my clit, oh OH." Before long it turned to incoherant moaning and then shouts and squeals.

Her eyes stayed shut tight as she crested wave after wave of orgasmic bliss. Her face, neck, and chest blushed red to show how mortified she was, but that seemed to only add to the uncontrolled pleasure that crashed over her. Max's tongue was like a machine, never stopping or giving her a moment to take a breath. When I thought she's had enough, I pulled him away, but Fiona's eyes snapped open and she swatted me with a violence that meant she was serious. I let Max go back to his work, though from the sounds she was making, it almost seemed like he was hurting her. After another half hour, with what seemed to be her last ounce of strength, Fiona rolled over onto her stomach, and Max decided to go lap up some water and see about dinner. I touched her feverish forehead, but Fiona was dead to the world. It was like she'd knocked herself unconscious.

After that, Fiona went back to her old ways of often walking around naked or half-naked when we were together in the apartment. She usually didn't let Max lick her so long, just enough to cum once or twice, or even three times, but not enough to destroy the rest of her day. I loved watching her, and I treated her like a princess. I caressed and massaged her, made sweet and gentle and romantic love to her every night.

Then I got a text from Max's dog walker asking if I needed him any more. And I found out that three days a week, Fiona had canceled Mike's services and was coming home on her lunch break to walk Max herself. I told myself it was just that they'd formed a bond. Then I came home early one day and found her sprawled on the living room rug, shrieking out of control while Max licked her to what must have been a double-digit orgasm.

When she finally managed to get her legs closed, she was in such a daze I wasn't sure she could hear me. "I thought we were doing this three or four times a week, Fio. What's going on?"

She reached upward sightlessly, trying to grab onto me. "Mark? Are you home? I'm sorry, it wasn't enough. I need it more now. Every day. And sometimes in the middle of the night I wake up and I wake Max up and we do it more. I can't stop."

I picked her up and carried her to bed. I held her while she slept. It bothered me that she'd started letting Max lick her without me there to watch. I still wanted to feel like she was doing it for me. But maybe it was better this way. Maybe if she was really enjoying it now, it wouldn't bother her anymore.

###

I woke up just as the sun was coming through the windows. Max had joined us in bed. Fiona was stretching and pushing the sheets away. She looked amazing naked, with sunlit golden hair. Like an angel. She spread her legs, and her golden pubic hair caught the light as well. Max crawled up and started licking.

Fio threw her head back and moaned. "I'm sorry, Mark. I promise you can fuck me after. I just need this."

I held her hand and watched Max bring her to ecstacy. I shooed him away after her first orgasm.

"Mark! I wasn't done," she pouted.

I pushed my rock-hard dick close to her face and she shrugged and started blowing me. I fucked her sopping wet pussy missionary, and we looked into each other's eyes and laughed. This whole thing was weird, but we still had what we had. I flipped her over and fucked her doggy style, then pushed my cock into her asshole, just like on that first night. She grunted and moaned, and I reached down to fiddle with her clit until we both came. It was good. It was a release I really needed.

We cuddled and kissed. "That felt so good, baby," I told her.

"It WAS nice," she said. "But I just need one more time with Max. She whistled and patted the bed, and he jumped back up into position. "I wish you could make me cum that hard, but it's just better with Max, I can't explain it."

I watched my dog lick my cum out of my fiancee's asshole. I watched him bring her to multiple earth-shattering orgasms. I had to jerk myself off on her face because she was too lost in what Max's tongue was doing to her to suck me. She finally got what she needed and pulled Max up. She spooned the dog and I spooned her. We dozed a while, until Fiona's sobs woke me up.

"Honey, what is it?" I asked, petting her hair.

"I'm frightened."

"Max is a good boy, he's not scary. And I'm fine with you two doing your thing without me."

"I'm not kidding, Mark. I'm scared about this. I thought with the direction things were going, you and me would be Max's owners, and he would be our pet. But now I feel like he's going to be the master and me the pet."

"What do you mean?"

"You want me to go farther, right? You want me to touch him, suck him, let him fuck me?"

"Is that what you want?"

"Of course that's what I fucking want! Why do you think I'm terrified?"

"You're really okay with Max fucking you?"

"NO! That would be like the end of my life. I'd be a woman who gets off on fucking dogs. It's so fucked up. It's so sick. But I can't think about anything else, Mark. At work I watch porn with dogs fucking girls and I get myself off in the ladies room just so I can get a little work done for a while before I start thinking about it again. It's like an addiction. I can't do this."

"I'm sure Max and I would both like it if you went a little farther," I teased, caressing her boobs that were jammed against the dog's furry back.

She turned and cried into my chest.

"What if you let him take you on our wedding night?" I suggested.

She sobbed harder and flailed her hands against me.

"You can jerk him off and suck him off before then, but you won't officially be his bitch until after the ceremony." I petted her hair while she wept. But I could tell from how her thighs gripped me that she was as turned on as she was upset.

"You fucking asshole," she blubbered, slowly calming down as she rubbed her crotch against me. I reached down and fingered her clit until she cried out in release. She rolled backward against Max, who was somehow still sleeping, the lazy dog.

"I still can't believe you're going to make your wife fuck your dog, take his knot, ruin my tight pussy, fill me with animal cum, all on what was supposed to be our special day." Her lips smiled, but her eyes looked sad.

It was only then I really understood what I should have caught onto a long time ago. That she got off on removing (or at least pretending to remove) her own consent from the equation. No matter how much negotiation or agreement preceded the act, being "forced" into it was what did it for her. Agreeing to her own debasement wasn't what she wanted, so I was going to have to pretend it was all my fault.

"Wake up Max," I told her. "I want to see you get him hard. I want you to show me how excited you are to get his cock out."

"You're so mean, Mark. I'm warning you, I'm not going to be able to stop. It's humiliating, to need this, to be so hungry for something so wrong."

It was intoxicating to push her so far, to know she wanted it but had to say she didn't want it. She was going to be my wife, but I was treating her more like my dog. I loved her, yes, but I knew what was best for her. It was better for me to make the decisions for her. "Come on, Fio, it's time to stop dreaming about dog cock and finally get it in your hands."

She took a sharp, deep intake of breath and climbed over onto the other side of Max. Her facial expression shifted between anger, fear, and anticipation, but she avoided looking at me. She stroked Max's belly and finally let her hand move down as far as his furry sheath. She took another ragged breath and grabbed his dick for the first time, jacking him off through the loose skin of his sheath. As she gripped the base of it, down near his balls, the bright and smooth pink tip emerged from the other end. 

Max stirred and turned partway over, toward Fiona, looking up at her with a quizzical dog expression. He knew this was new territory. He stretched to lick her face, and she smiled despite herself. Both of her hands were on Max's junk now, one gripping and one stroking, gradually pulling back the sheath and revealing more of his growing engorged penis. "Oh," she moaned involuntarily. She repositioned herself, and as her thighs parted I could see the glistening wetness of her swollen pussy. Max could smell it too, and moved from licking her face to licking his favorite part of her. She continued her handjob, moving her face closer to inspect his throbbing cock. "It's so big," she sighed. Indeed, it was large, club-shaped with a pointed tip, and the bulbous knot at its base swelled grotesquely. Her fingers flew over its slick surface, and she gripped the base with all her might. "Cum for me, Max. Uuunnh!" Her words seemed to trigger an orgasm of her own, and it took her a minute to recover. But when she did, she redoubled her efforts. "Be a good boy and cum for me, Max!"

And then Max gave a little growl and started spurting cum all over the bed, all over my wife-to-be. I couldn't help from grabbing my own rock-hard cock and cumming all over myself as well. Though I shot a half-dozen ropes or so while Max sprayed his juices for minutes on end. Fiona and I both started laughing. "How much of that does he have in him?" I asked. But when she repeated those same words it sounded intensely sexy.

When Max was finally finished and had jumped down to go lap at his water bowl, Fiona stretched out in the large puddle he'd made, closed her eyes, and sighed contentedly.

"How do you feel?" I asked.

"Like I just opened a door I can never close. But it's a door I haven't been able to walk away from." She shrugged. "I don't know whether to laugh or cry." Her eyes did well up, but she also wore a satisfied smile.

I stroked her hair, which now had dog cum in it. "I'm so happy you agreed to be my wife."

###

We got cleaned up and had what seemed like the most normal day since all this started. Coffee together, chatting about work stuff and wedding stuff, casual kissing, taking Max for a walk, dressing up a little to go out to dinner. All the stuff a regular couple in love takes for granted.

That night, I fucked Fiona doggy style while she sucked Max's dick for the first time. On the one hand, it seemed senseless to complain about getting to fuck my fiancee, but it really didn't provide a good view of her first bestial blowjob. I concentrated on cumming quickly so I could scoot around to get a better look. 

Fiona looked up at my dwindling penis and then down at Max's enormous stiff rod, then she shook her head just a little. He was already coating her face in his cum, spurt by spurt. Then she'd take him into her mouth, gently, lovingly, swallowing constantly. Slowly she took him deeper and deeper in one long smooth motion--never gagging like she did when she deep-throated me--until her lips kissed his swollen, pulsing knot. Her eyes rolled back and I looked down, but she wasn't even touching herself. She thrashed and shuddered, giving herself an orgasm just from swallowing my dog's cock. I couldn't believe how long she stayed like that, just silently gulping down dog semen, before she finally came up for air will a huge gasp. She shivered and moaned and let Max paint her face some more until she'd had enough oxygen to start the process over again. It took almost half an hour of this to finally drain Max's balls. Partway through watching I got hard again and went back to Fiona's pussy for another round, but she pushed me back with her feet, and I had to settle for jacking myself off onto her lower half while Max covered her upper half.

When he was done, Max got up, shook himself, spun around three times in bed and curled up to sleep. Fiona didn't even bother cleaning herself up, but just pressed her sticky body up against Max's furry one and drifted off immediately. I spooned her and tried to sleep, but my mind kept telling me how impossible this situation was. Eventually I conked out, and when I woke up, Max's throbbing red cock was back in Fiona's hands.

There weren't many normal days after that. Fiona called into work and took a bunch of paid time off she'd accrued that I thought she was going to use for the wedding. While I went to work, she had long lazy days of licking and being licked by Max, taking naps, going out to let Max do his business, and then going back for another round of orgasms. I tried not to be jealous. If anyone deserved that kind of life, she did. 

After her vacation time ran out, Fiona went back to work. She went back to the gym in the mornings. She had drinks in the evening with friends who wondered where she'd been, she tried to reclaim the life she'd had before. But on Friday she told me she'd handed in her notice.

"I just can't make calls or edit a book or sit in a meeting, knowing that Max is here without me. My friends talk about the things that are important to them and it just bounces off me. I can't relate to anyone anymore." She didn't look sad about it, just matter-of-fact. "I know I've become a sex-obsessed dog slut, and that's supposed to be a bad thing. But it's the only life that makes sense to me right now."

She was taking off her clothes, leaving the human realm and entering her one-on-one bond with Max. I grabbed her by the hand. "Do you still want to marry me?"

"I mean, yes, of course. But the real question is do you want to marry me? Maybe this is just a phase. Maybe I'll get it out of my system and feel more like a normal person again. But what if I don't, Mark? You did this to me."

"Of course I still want to get married. Like you said, this was my idea, and it still turns me on like nothing else." I unzipped my pants and pushed her head down toward my hardening cock. As she knelt and bent over, Max started licking between her legs.

She looked up at me and touched my penis unenthusiastically. "Will you still be happy when Max takes over fucking me? When he's top dog and you come second?" I shut her up by pushing my erection between her lips. It wasn't the sort of blowjob she used to give me, but she let me use her mouth while Max got her off. She didn't swallow my cum when she finished, she drooled it out over her chin and let Max lick it off while she licked his nose and muzzle passionately.

There were times when it felt like Fiona was slipping away from me. But then we'd go out to discuss decorations for the wedding venue, or taste-test cakes, or visit my property upstate that we'd decided to move into after the wedding. When we were driving, she'd slip her hand into mine. She'd sit right up against me on a couch, put her head on my shoulder. She still did love me. It had just gotten complicated, and I had no one to blame but myself.

Time seemed to speed up the closer we got to the ceremony. I was trying to tie up loose ends at work so I could take a bunch of leave time. I'd promised her we'd travel the world for our honeymoon, but Fiona put off making plans. "We'll need a couple of weeks just us in the big house out in the woods. Then maybe we can see about going places." All the little logistical pieces (and paying for them) fell to me, too. Meanwhile Fio was at home all day licking and sucking and napping and cumming. I can't pretend I didn't resent it just a little. But I knew that taking the knot would probably hurt her, and maybe if she was a little bratty now, she'd deserve a little pain then.

She did start seeing her friends again a bit. It would have been too weird to have them come to the wedding after ghosting them for months. She entertained herself by trying to get them all to get dogs as pets. A couple of them even did, and she spent the most time with those friends.

The week of the wedding she decided she didn't want Max to bring the rings up the aisle in a box attached to his collar. "It's kind of demeaning to him, like he's just a beast of burden."

"See, I think it signifies how excited he is to be bringing us together. We wouldn't be doing this if it weren't for him, after all."

"Okay, sure, but it seems like such a minor role in the whole ceremony." Fio looked down at the floor.

I laughed. "I'm sure you'd rather have him standing where I'm supposed to be." She didn't laugh. Instead she looked into my eyes wordlessly.

I tried to shake it off. "What if we're both waiting for you when you walk down the aisle and he just sits next to you during the whole thing?"

She tilted her head, then nodded. "Yes, that seems more appropriate. Like it's the three of us coming together instead of just two. Unless you think people will talk."

"Everyone knows you love Max. I don't think anyone would guess HOW you love Max, though."

She suddenly jumped forward and hugged me tightly. "Are you absolutely sure you want to do this? Maybe I could still go back. Maybe if you broke up with me, and I never saw him again, I could get over it. Maybe I could date women, or just be single forever. I could do my job again, go to parties and movies and things. And care about it."

"What are you saying, Fio? Are you saying you don't want to get married?"

"I want to be Max's bitch so bad. I want to give him everything. My whole life is ending and I'm starting over by letting Max take me, knot me, breed me. I want it so bad I can taste it. But is that what you want me to be? Is that a wife you're willing to live with?"

"Fiona, I want what you want. You've hardly thought about anything else for the past six months. I can't wait to watch you fuck Max, to make love to you afterward, after he claims your pussy for the first time. I swear I want this just as much as you." I thought I was saying the right thing. But I didn't know what I was pushing her into.

###

One paradox of VERY expensive weddings is that they have to not SEEM expensive. Ostentation stinks of desperation. So while Fiona's dress cost more than the average yearly salary of one of my programmers, it was simple and unfussy. Classic and understately gorgeous. I didn't really notice anything else to be honest. The venue, the guests, the food, the wine, none of it made the slightest impression. I had eyes only for my bride. I sleepwalked through everything else, though I did my best to seem like a gentleman when I met her parents. As her father walked her up the aisle, I couldn't help wondering how he'd react if he knew the kind of man I actually was.

Fiona seemed so happy, and attentive to Max, yes, but mostly to me. We stared into each other's eyes during the vows, knowing deeply what those promises would lead to. We kissed so much it was excessive, even at a wedding. We held hands, we danced close, we pressed our bodies against each other. And time flew even faster during the wedding than the run-up to it. We were kissing our friends and family goodbye and getting in the luggage-laden car to drive up to the house upstate. 

Max was too big, really to sit in Fio's lap, but neither of them seemed to care. They snuggled nose-to-nose and licked and kissed each other's faces. It was distracting, and it made me feel a little like a third wheel on my wedding night. But I'd pledged to be excited about this, and it didn't make any sense to back down now, even though part of me wanted to.

By the time we finally arrived and pulled past the gate and up the long driveway, the car smelled like drooling pussy and drooling dog. Fio didn't bother to put a leash on Max, she knew he'd follow. "Leave the bags in the car!" she shouted over he shoulder as she skipped up to the front door.

I'd given the staff the night off so we could be alone, so I had to unlock it myself. Fio bounded in and pounced onto the floor. She and Max play wrestled, getting paw prints all over her six-figure white dress. She pulled up the long skirt, revealing her white lace panties. "Mark, get out your phone and record all of this. I want to keep this night forever."

So I stood there and took video of my wife sliding off her underwear and bending down on hands and knees. Max knew what to do. He'd been waiting to let his instincts take over all this time, and he didn't hesitate to jump up and mount Fiona roughly. She moaned and cried as he thrusted into her, pounding deep into her, his massive cock smashing her cervix painfully with each stab. She wailed as his knot swelled, stretching the ring of her vaginal opening wider and wider as he lunged forward and back, until it was so big it stuck in her. It would tear her open if he pulled too hard. But a sudden calm washed over Max and he rested calmly on her back, his forelegs gripping her by the hips.

Fiona wept as Max bred her. He pumped his cum inside her. I'd done my research. I knew his body temperature was higher than hers so she'd feel the warmth of his liquid slowly filling up her inside spaces. She'd feel his penis pulsing inside her and hear his hot panting breath in her ear. Her body shook as she cried. "It's too big, OH! It's SO big. Unh. It's ooooooh--" I could hear her moving from pain, to discomfort, and suddenly into pleasure and then ecstacy. She'd never been one to cum quietly before, but she swallowed almost all the sound as she shuddered and flailed. Like it was her own secret moment, not t o be shared. Her second orgasm, though, was as loud as I'd ever heard.

They kept coming over and over for the whole twenty minutes she stayed tied to Max's cock. By the end her face and shoulders were slumped to the floor and she'd lost control of her bladder. She whimpered with every spasm that wracked her pelvis until finally Max's dick burst free and she collapsed in a torrent of dog sperm flowing out of her gaping vaginal hole.

I picked her up and carried her to our bed. Max followed and jumped up to snuggle next to his finally consummated bitch. She was barely conscious, but she wanted to watch the video I'd just recorded. I took off my wedding gear while she watched and rubbed her clit to one more orgasm. I tried to help her out of her dress, but she shook her head. She looked at my hard dick and waved it away. "Maybe in the morning," she said weakly. "I've had all I can take tonight." So I rubbed one out in the master bathroom. So what if it was our wedding night? It's not like we hadn't fucked plenty of times before, starting with the night we met.

But in the morning, Max was already destroying her pussy when I woke up. The bed shaking from his violent fucking of my wife brought me to consciousness. Her screams of joy made me open my eyes. My dog, my pet, my best buddy was knotting my wife, stretching out her pussy and filling her with his cum. Her ruined wedding dress was on the floor, though she hadn't managed to remove the lacy bridal brassiere. I counted at least five orgasms during the time they were tied together, but they ran together enough that it might have been more. When Max detached, Fiona still had enough strength to crawl around, grab Max's still-throbbing dick and swallow it whole into her mouth and throat. I watched my dog hump my wife's face  while a river of his cum poured out of her wide-open cunt. I positioned myself to fuck her sloppy pussy, but she pushed me away with her feet. When her mouth was free again, she coughed out "That hole is just for Max right now. I'll suck you off when I'm done with him."

She was as good as her word, and this time gave me a real blowjob with licking and sucking and eye contact, not just fucking her mouth-hole. But as soon as she swallowed my load, she turned back to Max, who was back asleep and recovering from his ravaging of Fiona. She stroked and petted him and I gave up trying to get her attention and went to find breakfast.

Those first few days after the wedding, my dog fucked my wife three times a day. In the bed, on the floor, out in the yard, Fio was always naked and on all fours close to Max, even when he wasn't licking her or mounting her. When her pussy was too sore to take his huge knot one more time, she gave her tight ass to him. It must have hurt so much more, because she screamed like she was being murdered, but she wanted to give him everything. She wanted to satiate his every desire. I got to watch and not much else. I got to watch her pussy constantly oozing cum and her own natural lube and a little bit of blood from the tears his knot made from stretching her so much. I got to watch my dog penetrate and overextend her anus too, and I got to see her perform on him the same degrading act she'd offered me that first night of ours together, except Max didn't have to take her to Paris. He got it for free.

The house staff returned, but Fiona didn't change her behavior. She never put on clothes, she and Max were always together and usually fucking or sucking or licking or kissing or touching, no matter who else was around. I had to do some firing and increasing of salaries to avoid scandal. As the days turned into weeks, Fio sometimes seemed to enjoy having me around, mostly to watch rather than participate. Sometimes she just tolerated my presence. Blowjobs mostly turned to handjobs, and she preferred that I take care of myself as much as possible. When I asked about our round-the-world trip, she looked at me like I'd grown an extra head. "What in the world could be better than what we have right here?"

###

At the end of four weeks, I confronted her. My hiatus from work was only half over, but if the rest was going to be like this, there was no reason to stay. "Is this how it's going to be? All Max all the time? I said I didn't mind coming second, but now that I'm your husband I don't seem to rate at all."

Fiona frowned at me. "This is what you wanted. I warned you over and over that this would happen. I begged you again and again to let me stop before it went this far. But I can't go back now. You don't arouse me. Your penis is disgusting--it's the wrong shape, the wrong size, the wrong color. You're a perfectly fine human being, and a great dog owner. I love you the way Max loves you. I belong to you, and I expect you to take care of me."

My mouth dropped open and I stared at her wordlessly.

"I'd like to start eating the same food Max does, from a bowl next to his. And I'd like a collar that matches his, though I don't think I need a leash. And I'm going to start going outside when he does, instead of in the bathroom."

I finally spluttered out, "Do you want a divorce?"

Fio put her head against my shoulder. "No. And you don't either. If it ever came out what you made me do..."

I pushed her away. "So I'm just supposed to treat you like a pet now, instead of a wife? While you do nothing with your life but eat and sleep and fuck?"

She shrugged, neither smiling nor frowning. "Pretty much."

I walked away angry, but the more I thought about it, the more my anger turned to sadness. Fiona HAD warned me, HAD asked me to make it stop. She'd also said she wanted it to continue, had hungered for more; but she'd put the decision in my hands and I'd chosen this life for her, in a way.

In the end, I accepted it. What else could I do? I went back to work, and I told everyone things hadn't worked out with Fiona, that on our world trip she'd stayed behind in Bali. I thought about dating--I still had the apartment in the city, after all. But I kept taking the long drive upstate night after night to snuggle up with my dogs, to feed them and pet them, scratch behind their ears and let them lick my face.

Life never turns out how you expect it.

###

After almost four months of silence, Fiona crawled up onto the bed and spoke to me.

"Ugh. Words are ... hard."

"Oh my God, Fio!" It was truly a shock to have her looking me in the face and talking to me. Almost as much as if Max started speaking.

"Yeah," she said, smiling. "It me."

My heart blossomed and I felt alive again in a way I hadn't since before the wedding. "Are you okay?" I asked her.

"Um," she looked down, then back up again. "Happy. Like, I'm starting to forget ... Max's name. He's just ... him. My mate. Things don't need names. I don't need ... thoughts. Just ... being. Doing. Makes me happy."

With that, my heart sank again. She wasn't coming out of it. She was only going to go deeper from here.

"That's good," I said, looking away. "So ... ?"

"More dogs?" Fiona looked at me and panted. "I want a ... pack. More friends. Mates. Dicks."

I sighed and put a hand on my forehead. "Fio." I hardly knew what to say. "Fio, I'm sad that you'd rather live as a dog than as my wife. But it's your choice. I accept it." I reached out to pet her face, not quite as a woman, but not wholly as a dog, either. "But before you fully sink into that, I need you to explain it to some people. Your parents, your friends." I explained to her how I'd been texting "honeymoon updates" from her phone. I'd started doing it in a panic and I didn't know how to lie my way out of it. Her family, certainly, were not going to be satisfied with a weird explanation from me as to why they were never going to see her again.

So for a few weeks, Fiona struggled to come back to human cares and cognition. I could tell it was painful for her--she wanted to let go of all that so much and just be with Max. But I gave her coffee and sandwiches instead of dog food, backrubs instead of petting, hot tubs and bathrobes instead of nothing but canine sex (though she did sneak off and let Max have his way with her as often as ever). And we talked.

We made a plan, and we invited a subset of people who'd come to our wedding. We called it a "Recommitment Ceremony," that would "refocus certain aspects of our loving relationship." Probably people would think I'd had an affair, or we'd decided to have an open marriage, or something scandalous. But no one would guess just how scandalous. We knew we were going to ruin everyone who came. They would all be disbelieving, distraught, incensed, disgusted. But what Fiona was doing wasn't illegal in this state. And part of the plan was giving me power of attorney; no one else could have her committed. They would just have to accept, as I had, that Fio had made up her mind.

Although it was short notice, curiousity meant attendance was almost universal. At great cost, I'd had the fully booked venue where we'd had the wedding bump someone in our favor. We recreated the decorations and open bar, but we skipped the meal and the cake. No one was going to have an appetite at the end of this.

Once we had our plans set in place and I was sure Fiona was going to go through with it, we went out to get her more dogs. It was the first time she'd been off the property since the wedding, and the first time she'd worn more than a dog collar. She put on a dress, though she didn't take the collar off, or bother with underwear. Of course, breeders generally specialize, so we had to drive to separate places to get a husky, a German shepherd, a Rottweiler, a pit bull, and a Great Dane. Each new dog made her so excited. We put them in different rooms to start and worked on acclimatizing them to each other, training them all to get along. These were all muscular dogs and any one of them could tear Fio apart if they wanted to. They all had to also learn that Max was top dog; even if he might not be the biggest or most aggressive, Fiona wanted to make sure they all deferred to him.

It was a lot of work, and it kept us busy before the ceremony. Fiona got to know all her new dogs. She seemed almost offended that I gave them names, but I reminder her that I had to be able to call them each, give them food, keep them from fighting, and so on. She grudgingly agreed, but I could tell she was impatient to fall back into her wordless dog persona. She did refrain from fucking any of the new pack (though they all got turns licking her). As the day approached, her excitement grew as much as my dread.

Rather than having her wedding dress cleaned and mended, I'd just had it remade from scratch. It wasn't fair to subject anyone to dog cum stains on a bridal gown. I had someone in to do her hair and makeup so she looked a little less feral, and we headed to the venue to face the music. Of course Max came with us, and I'd hired Mike and some friends to rent a van to transport the rest of the dogs.

Everyone was already seated and whispering to each other before we got there. The dogs were waiting up front on the dais, Mike and his team keeping them calm with treats and petting. We walked up the aisle, Fiona, Max, and I; then we turned to face our gathered family and friends.

"We've called you here today," I began, forcing my voice to remain steady, "because a few months ago we weren't entirely honest with you, or even with ourselves. Our marriage has evolved into something unusual, and we need to let you know why you probably won't see Fiona again."

"Unless you come visit me," she broke in. "But there are things you need to know."

"First, you need to know that I started this by exposing Fio to it, asking her to try it," my voice broke as tears welled up in my eyes. I wished this wasn't happening, that I'd made different decisions along the way. But Fiona had made her decision, and I had to support her.

"But this is entirely, one-hundred-percent, my voluntary decision. Nobody forced me into it. I know this is going to hurt you to hear, but I want to live as a dog now. These dogs are my pack, and I am their bitch."

Gasps and murmurs went through the crowd. Her father stood up to lunge toward her, but she waved him down. "Sit down, dad. I know you want me to be your beautiful, rich, successful daughter. But that's not what I want. I want to lie in the sun. I want to play and romp and lick myself. People have it all wrong. Who's more content, more loving, more SUCCESSFUL that our four-legged friends?"

The chatter from the audience grew to a din. I waved my arms for silence. "I know you all have questions. God knows I still have questions myself. But the problem is there are no answers we can give you that will satisfy you. We know this sounds crazy. But I guarantee that Fiona is sane and doing this of her own free will. It's unusual, yes, even unprecedented. It's taboo. This is not something that's supposed to happen. Nevertheless, it's what Fiona wants, and we are going to mark this occasion."

"I'd be happy if you want to come visit me in my new life," Fiona said. "But it won't be me as I am, it will be me as a dog. I won't be able to speak to you. I'll be naked. It might be disturbing for you, but I'm warning you now, that's how it will be."

"We understand this is upsetting for all of you," I said, trying to keep the crowd under control. Mike and his crew were behind me trying to keep the dogs under control as well. They could smell the tension in the room and I could hear a couple of them starting to growl. "You can leave now if you want, or you can come forward to say goodbye to Fiona as a woman. Then we'll finish the ceremony, and she'll go off to begin her new life. I'm sorry this is hard for you. It's harder for me, believe me." I finished my speech with tears streaming down my face. 

Some people did storm away, including Fio's father. Her mother came forward to hug her, though, and maybe a dozen other friends and family members. Everyone else just sat in shock, dumbstruck by what was happening.

When the room was sufficiently calm again, I took both of Fiona's hands in mine. I looked into her eyes, and I spoke the words she'd asked for: "While retaining legal partnership and full friendship, I hereby revoke, at your request, all rights to our marriage bed, passing that privilege on to your chosen pack."

I took off my wedding ring and placed it in her hand. She took off her wedding ring and her engagement ring and placed all three rings back in my hand. "Thank you," she said. "And thank you for promising to take care of me and my pack for all our days."

She took a dog collar off the table next to the central bouquet, and fastened it around her own neck. Then she took a matching collar and knelt down next to her beloved Max, and gently put it on him, speaking these words barely audible to the assembled audience: "I vow to be always be your bitch, to be ready to fulfill your animal desires and urges anytime they take you." And then, in turn, she collared and pledged herself to the rest of her pack. Once she'd gone to all six dogs, she returned to Max and let him start licking her face. The crowd gasped when she began licking back, and when she reached back to undo the closures on her dress.

They were moving toward the exits by the time she wriggled out of the white gown and let in crumple to the floor. No one was left except Mike and his helpers and the paid venue staff when Max mounted her there on the dais and fucked her roughly. Fio didn't cry out in her human voice, but whimpered and barked, yelping through multiple public orgasms. When she an Max finally separated, I clicked a leash onto her collar and said, "I know you want the other five, too, but not here. You were a very bad girl to let Max do that in here. It's going to cost me a fortune in tips to hush this up."

I drove home with Fiona and Max curled up together asleep in the back seat. When we got home she took the Great Dane's knot first, and then the Rottie. Her pounded and stretched pussy looked like raw meat by then, so she took the husky in her asshole, followed by the German shepherd. It was clear she was hurting so much by then that she wanted it to stop, but the pit had to have his turn. Her holes were so destroyed his knot wouldn't stick, so mercifully it didn't take long. But then with her last bit of strength, she crawled over to Max and presented herself for him to reclaim her. He fucked her more vigorously and violently than I'd ever seen him act before, proving his rights to the rest of his pack. She wept and sobbed sounding both human and inhuman all at once. I shepherded the dogs to their beds, giving them treats and pats and encouragement. Then I brought Fio an ice pack for her broken loins. Cum and blood seeped from her ruined holes. I petted her forehead, iced her nethers, stroked and calmed her. I picked her up to carry her to bed, but halfway there I realized what she'd want, and I took her to Max's dog bed instead. I kissed her forehead goodnight and went to jerk myself off and cry myself to sleep.
