"What the fuck is this?" Rainbow cried as the two dogs scampered directly to her crotch and began licking up as much of Chris's cum as they could reach.

"Surprise!" Sophie replied, hugging her girlfriend tighter. "Your brother and I arranged for Ollie to come visit, and we found you a dog with a small enough dick that you can try--"

"NO WAY," Rainbow interrupted.

"Yeah, three dogs, three holes. And enough dog wranglers to hopefully make it work. Assuming you want to..."

"Fuck yeah, I want to. But give me a few." She tried to swat the eager retriever and spaniel away from her sensitive ladyparts.

"Taking breaks and staying hydrated is important," Sophie laughed.

Introductions were made and beers were passed around. Sophie and Rainbow didn't bother getting dressed. Rainbow was a little shaky on her feet after so many earth-shattering orgasms. She wasn't sure how she'd survive fucking three dogs airtight.

Sophie explained to the boys, "Chris needs a little recovery time. He shot so much cum he's got to be empty right now." She helped Rainbow onto the couch and sat next to her. "But I had a thought. Maybe while we're killing time, Ollie could lick me a little?"

Rainbow grabbed Sophie's face and kissed her. "Are you sure? We can take it slower if you want to."

Sophie held Rainbow's hands in her own. "No, I want to do this."

"You can't go back, you know. If you do this now, you'll never be able to say you aren't a dog slut."

"Rainbow, I hitched up to your crazy train and I'm never getting off. Where you go, I go."

"Start with Ollie, then," Rainbow said as she pulled Sophie's thighs apart, revealing her puffy wet pussy. "Looks like this has been turning you on, then."

Sophie nodded and ran a finger over her own clit, feeling the electricity of arousal, the need to please her Rainbow.

Ollie's owner let him off leash and he lunged into Sophie's lap. His tongue entered her folds and swished vigorously all around her most sensitive parts. "Ohhh--" Sophie groaned.

Rainbow held her girlfriend tight and watched as the first waves of pleasure from a dog's tongue washed over her. "How's he doing?"

Sophie only hummed in response. Ollie lapped at her like she was fresh water in the desert. "He's pretty good. Not the best I've had, but--"

"Hold on, try this." Rainbow reached down and spread her girlfriend's labia wide open. Ollie's strong tongue pushed its way deep into Sophie's vagina, much deeper and more forcefully than any human tongue could ever reach.

"OOHH!" Sophie's voice rose sharply.

"See, maybe he IS the best you've ever had," Rainbow chuckled.

Ollie's tongue popped out and covered her clit with rough wet slurps, and that took her over the edge. She pushed her head into Rainbow's shoulder and breast and rode her first dog-induced orgasm. She pushed Ollie away from her crotch, though he was hungry for more. "G-g-good boy, Ollie. But stop now, please. Fuck! I can't believe I just did that."

Rainbow brushed her hand through her girlfriend's hair. "This is just the beginning, Sophie." She laughed her sparkly laugh and called to her brother for another beer.

They talked through the plan. Managing multiple dogs and keeping them all on task was a big job, especially while taking video of the whole thing. "Sophie, I want you to know I may just go into a zone where I can't focus on anything outside myself. I really want you to feel involved and not like I'm ignoring you, but I'm going to be pretty busy."

"No sweat, sweetie," Sophie said, kissing Rainbow and tasting the strange flavor of dog cum still in her mouth. "We're doing this for you, don't worry about me."

Sophie unlocked Rainbow's phone and started capturing video. Rainbow's brother brought her a bag from the other room, and she reached in and put on a dog collar and a new set of dog ears attached to a headband. Then she took out a dog tail butt plug and applied some lube. She pushed it slowly into her anus until it disappeared with a little pop.Then she pulled until it came out and pushed it back in again, fucking her ass with the plug and getting her asshole warmed up and wet. Meanwhile, her brother had brought the cocker spaniel over to the couch. 

"This is Howard," he introduced for the benefit of the phone camera. He lifted Howard up so he could lick Rainbow's face, and with her free hand she reached down to rub the dog's sheath. When his penis started to poke out, Rainbow's brother picked him up and positioned him between Rainbow's legs. She dropped the tailplug and grabbed for the dog dick.

"Shift down a bit, his legs are short." Rainbow's brother and Ollie's owner had gotten socks on all the dogs this time,which was good because Howard seemed to want his front paws right on Rainbow's tits. With a little struggle they got him lined up against her asshole and he shoved it in. As a smaller dog, it was almost cute to watch him smash his red rocket over and over into Rainbow's ass until his knot was knocking at her door. His tool was a lot smaller than Chris's, but his swelling bulge was still no joke. He slammed against Rainbow again and again until it finally popped in. Her brother pushed him against her so he wouldn't rock back out, and she let out a little yell. "OOOOWWW! Oh, he's not small!" She grabbed the couch cushions next to her and balled up her fists. "OH FUCK, my ass is so full."

Sophie directed the camera at her girlfriend's wincing face. "Are you okay, Rainbow?"

"Yeah, it just takes a bit to get used to. Fuck. So stretched out. I can feel his cum inside. It's really really warm and deep."

The next step was maybe the most delicate part of the plan. Pivoting Howard around so they were tied butt-to-butt without letting the knot pop out. "Don't worry, he's really big and I'm really tight," Rainbow panted to her brother. He grabbed the front end of the dog and swung Howard around. There was a bark from the dog and a squeal from the girl, but in the end, Mission Accomplished.

Sophie zoomed in on Rainbow's distended butthole, filled and stretched with Howard's knot. Above it, her previously-dog-battered pussy lay empty, red and swollen with lust, dripping juices. Sophie couldn't help herself and bent down to give it a quick licking. It still tasted like Rainbow, but with a kind of gross aftertaste that she was afraid she was going to experience much more of very soon.

Now Ollie's owner brought the golden retriever over. The two dogs licked each other's noses and sniffed around each other a little, but there were greater distractions to attend to.

"Can you take them both?" Sophie asked.

"Fuck, I hope so. I need my pussy filled. The one in my ass doesn't reach the spot I like. Come on, Ollie. You can do it, boy!"

With a little leap, Ollie straddled over the smaller dog to fuck Rainbow missionary style. He licked her face and she opened wide to let his tongue explore deep into her mouth while her brother guided the dog's growing dick to her hungry cunt. Once there, he took off like a sled dog, pounding and thrusting, brutalizing her vagina with his bone-filled fuck club.

Rainbow howled. It was a primal mix of pain, joy, and release. It was a hundred percent animal, nothing human was left in her now. She was a fuckhole for dogs. They owned her. When she came back to herself she might feel sick and degraded and happy and satisfied and turned on and confused, but right now she was just an animal being violently fucked in two holes.

Finally Ollie settled. His knot had grown inside her and she was doubly stuck now. Rainbow's howls turned to yelps and then to a sort of inhuman weeping punctuated by deep groans. Fear rose in Sophie's mind. What if those two cocks really were two big for her? They might be tearing her up, but she couldn't get free until the dogs had pumped her full of their cum and got small enough to pop out again. She again zoomed the video onto Rainbow's face and reached down to stroke her cheek, wet with sweat and tears. Rainbow's eyes were rolled back, her face twisted in a grimace of ecstacy. One of her hands was pinned under Ollie's belly and Sophie realized that Rainbow was stroking her clit and cumming, over and over in a way she'd never seen anyone orgasm before, like her soul was trying to leave her body and every muscle was straining to keep it in.

Ollie's owner was keeping a hand on both dogs to keep them in position, and Rainbow's brother came back in, leading Chris. He patted the couch and the dog leapt up next to his sister. He started to reach for Chris's underside when Sophie stopped him and handed him the phone. "No, let me do it."

Sophie stroked Chris's soft tummy fur. Then she went lower. His dick was already hard inside the fuzzy sheath, and she stroked more, pulling back the hairy skin to reveal the familiar red pulsing penis. Chris and Ollie were kissing each other now, and each pausing to lick Rainbow's face too. Rainbow's brother was nudging Chris over so Rainbow could reach with her mouth. But wave after wave of orgasms had already made her a pleasure zombie. Sophie slapped her cheek. "You've still got one more, Rainbow. One more dog, one more hole."

It was clear that Rainbow had only limited control of her body now. She blinked her eyes and made brief contact with her girlfriend, then opened her mouth into the shape of an O. With a combination of pushing at Chris and pulling on Rainbow, Sophie got them into contact. She gripped Chris's dick as it grew bigger and bigger, grasping it just behind the knot, and helped the dog face-fuck her beloved and half-unconscious Rainbow.

Rainbow had never been one for deep-throating cock, but once Chris started thrusting into her mouth, she had no control of how deep he went, her head pinned against the back of the couch. She gagged and choked as the dog used her mouth like a fuckhole, squirting load after load of dog cum down her gullet.

It was a blessing that Rainbow had fucked Chris earlier and worn him out, because after a few minutes of humping her face, he was finished and jumped down off the couch. Howard popped out a few minutes later, spilling a flood of cum from her ass onto the towel they'd wisely placed on the floor below.

"Thank G-d," Rainbow moaned as Howard's knot left her asshole gaping open and empty. "Oh, fuck," she moaned, regaining a bit of her humanity. "Just you left, Ollie. Fuck me good, you good doggie." She threw her head back and howled again, this time in a more human register, the sound of a girl cumming one more time after an almost impossible number of orgasms. Ollie just stood there panting, mesmerised, pumping squirt after squirt of semen deep into Rainbow's womb.

When she was done, she took deep, long, slow breaths. "Oh G-d, I love this. I love being your bitch, Ollie." She started licking his face, putting her tongue inside his mouth. After a couple of minutes of kissing and finishing their fuck, he was done and hopped off her, pulling his knot free and curling up on the floor to lick his own dick.

Rainbow's whole crotch looked red, swollen, and pulverized like raw hamburger. Her holes hung open slackly, drooling strings of sticky dog cum. Her eyes were almost closed, like she was drifting into sleep.

"Should I get you into bed, or just throw a blanket over you here?" her brother asked.

Rainbow rallied one more time, lifting one hand without opening her eyes. "We're not done here yet. First, you boys need to cum on my face. Then, like dog says on reddit, there's only one proper way to end a gangbang."

Ollie's owner and Rainbow's brother had beed hard as rocks through the whole encounter, so it didn't take long for them to squirt their thick white cum on top of Chris's more watery loads. Then they picked her up: her brother took her arms and Sophie and Ollie's owner took a leg each, and they headed for the bathtub. But Rainbow shook her head. "Take me out back and lay me on the ground. Then bring out the dogs. If you piss on me first, maybe they'll mark me too."

Rainbow lay dead still as Ollie's owner aimed his golden stream of warm urine at her abused pussy. Her brother pointed his straight into her face, and that made her open her mouth and start swallowing. Sophie took her turn, also squatting over Rainbow's face, her heart filled with joy at the memory of the first time she'd done this, and how it had brought them back together.

Ollie's owner led him over on a leash and urged, "Come on, boy, do your business." Ollie lifted a leg and pissed his hot stream all over Rainbow's chest. Chris bounded over to mark the same spot, but Rainbow used the last of her energy to shift down and catch a good amount of his pee in her mouth. She winced and coughed. "I think human pee tastes better."

Howard followed the bigger dogs, but with his shorter legs was only able to add to the growing puddle surrounding Rainbow. Sophie turned off the video and put the camera down. Rainbow's brother turned on the garden hose and sprayed Rainbow until she shrieked and spluttered from the cold. They all covered her in towels and helped her to the bed. It had been quite a night for her.

She reached out and touched Ollie's owner on the arm. "I need to sleep a few hours but stay. I want to do it all again in the morning." He agreed, retreating to the couch with the dogs, while Sophie and Rainbow snuggled up to a cold, wet, still somewhat stinky but finally satisfied and sleepy Rainbow.
