I met J on Reddit (a platform she ended up quitting) back in the middle of May. Later we started talking on the Zooville forum messaging system, and on Session (both of which she has also quit and come back to). Sometimes she'd post about how she lost her virginity, and then she'll quickly take it down out of embarrassment. Because at age 14 she decided she needed to get fucked, and the nearest available dick was on her stepdad's Great Dane. It was a shocking and painful experience (she knew nothing about knotting and being stuck together for an extended period of time), but it was formative, and satisfying enough that she went back and tried it again, and again, and again. Unfortunately, her mom and stepdad broke up and it's been 7 long years since she's been able to fuck a dog. She still thinks about it constantly. She's bi, and has had sex with two guys and had two girlfriends, but the most recent one went straight a year ago.

J is submissive, but very lazy. She doesn't work and freeloads off her mom, who is also paying off J's $10,000 loan for breast implants. She does, however, oversee her younger sister A, who is 14 now, and kept very sheltered. A has sensory issues, and wearing clothes is extremely uncomfortable for her, so she stays indoors almost all the time where she can be naked. Often the sisters are naked together because it's comfortable that way (they live in a hot climate). I know, I know, it sounds like a porn story, but I've seen convincing photographic evidence.

Because J has no plans to get a job, and their place doesn't allow pets, it seems like there's no real chance for her to go forward with a dog in the near future. But I was intrigued by her relationship with her little sister. J said "She's homeschooled and mom's kept her very sheltered. She knows nothing about sex or even masturbation. Trust me, we're super close, I know her well." I argued that J should teach her sister about sex, or at least about masturbation. If she had to learn on her own, she might end up getting pregnant or infected or heartbroken. J thought it was inappropriate. I teased that she could give her sister her first orgasm herself, and make sure that a dog took her virginity so they could be even closer as sisters. J complained that that was too naughty and that A should learn from an older guy like me.

I said, "If your sister looks anything like you she must be very lovely indeed," and J offered to send a couple of pictures. That ended up in a debate about which sister was hotter, and I shared the photo with a number of people (including Rainbow), all of whom thought A was the clear winner.

I kept pushing J to kiss or touch her sister, but she said "She's very pretty yes, I don't think of her sexually lol." I argued that A was at the age where she'd be starting to get horny, but she said "she won't know what being horny is, she won't know what that feeling means." I finally convinced her to grope her sister's tiny boobs, and A pinched her nipple hard in response, which she didn't like, hahaha.

Finally, and I'm not super proud of this, I convinced J to touch her sister's slit while she was asleep. She was dry and J took it as just a dare. But I kept chatting with her and getting her hornier and hornier, teasing her about fucking a dog, fucking her little sister, and having a dog fuck her little sister. The more I called her a whore and a slut and a sick cunt, the hornier she got. She started calling me "master." After two weeks of teasing and telling her she wasn't allowed to touch herself, I told her she was allowed to cum if she touched A for real first. "Idk I'm so nervous," was her response, which was not a no. So I pushed: "just get your fingers good and wet with your saliva and reach down there and gently rub her clit." She replied, "How long do I have to rub her clit for, and is that all I have to touch?" I told her, "You have to rub it until you feel wetness or firmness or arousal."

"Fine I'll do it"

"I'm rubbing her she was really dry."

"Her pussy is so soft and tinyyyyyy"

"This is thrilling and nervewracking rn I really hope she don't wake up"

"I'm so horny rn I can't believe I'm doing thiss"

I asked her "how does her pussy feel?"

"Really soft and squishy"

"My sister is now the 3rd girl I've rubbed"

I told her, "your heart must be beating so fast."

"It isssss!!!!"

I commanded, "rub around her clit and her vagina, push a finger inside just a tiny bit. If she's not wet enough use your own juices."

"Omgg her hole is so tiny I can't fit my finger"

"Not even your pinky finger?"

"Yes master. Barely. I'm so close."

"How does it feel to finger fuck your innocent little sister?"

"Stop u make me feel bad but it's so thrilling"

"Don't stop"

"I orgasmed"

"I can't believe I let you talk me into doing that"

She was mad at me for a while, but she had to admit she loved it and came hard. I predicted that A's first orgasm would come from J's finger, and that when her little sister found out that J's first time was with a dog, that she'd want to try it too. She kept denying that anything like that could ever happen, that A was a good girl and that she was trying to be a good girl too.

But I talked her into doing it again, and licking A while she slept as well. 

"Fuck omg I licked her fucking pusssyy omggg"

"I orgasmed so quickly she didn't even budge she tasted so good u have no ideaaa"

"That was insane. I ate out my sisterrr"

The next day she didn't feel so good. "I fucked my sister while she was asleep!!!!! That's bad"

I kept teasing her and tempting her and she did it again, and soon she was doing it without me pushing her too, just because she needed it, molesting her sister four nights in a row. I started trying to convince her to do the same things to A while she was awake, that the two of them could have so much fun together. She told me "I wish u were here to give the courage and push us together."

"Do you really think she never touches herself?"

"She doesn't."

"She's never had an orgasm?"

"Nope"

"Doesn't that seem really unfair?"

"Idkkk"

"She's not a baby anymore, she should get to know how good it feels. When you were her age you were already very experienced with these things"

"You tell her"

"Put her on and I will"

"Stopp (eyes covered emoji) maybe one day"

But we kept chatting and I kept pushing her to let me tell her sister about how to masturbate, since she was too embarrassed. "You know I will keep pestering you until you give in. And you know you will give in eventually."

"Fuck it fine"

And that was all it took. I was on Session chat with sweet virgin 14-year-old A.

After introducing myself I got down to business: "I know there are things J is too embarrassed to talk to you about, and I wanted to make sure there's someone you could feel safe asking questions to."

"What questions is she uncomfortable about?"

"Things like touching yourself. I think J thinks it's dirty, but it's perfectly natural and something most people do."

"What do u mean"

"Like the way girls sometimes feel about their boyfriends, feeling hot and aroused. When you feel that way it can feel good to touch your private parts and give yourself relief. It's okay to not be interested in that stuff yet, but it's okay if you are and you shouldn't feel ashamed about it either way."

"Like touching my privates?"

"Yes, it's okay to do if you are curious, it's part of growing up."

"I never feel that way I think"

"Some people never do, but most feel that way eventually. It's good to be able to please yourself so you don't jump into bed with a guy who might be bad for you."

"What would a guy that's bad for me do?"

"A guy can get you pregnant or give you a disease, or could hurt you emotionally."

"I don't want that"

"If you do get curious and want to explore, it's natural and safe to touch yourself."

"Idk how to"

"You can stroke inside your slit and that can feel good"

"Huh?"

"When you feel good you'll start to produce moisture down there, just like your mouth gets saliva when you smell something tasty."

"My vagina?"

At this point it was becoming clear that even the basics of sex education had been kept from her. She was supposed to take an online class next year, but she was very confused. I showed her diagrams of the parts of the vulva, and depictions of how different pussies can look. She was concerned that hers looked different, but then was excited (so cute!) to find one that looked like hers. We talked about how her body was changing and she told me she had started shaving and her breasts were growing but still small. I told her (truthfully) that I used to teach sex education and that it's important to have someone you can ask questions to. J didn't want to field those sorts of questions but I was happy to answer anything she was curious about. She shared about never wearing clothes, and I told her it was good to be able to feel free. She was a little concerned because it kept her from being able to make friends and really J was all she had, but she figured it was something to worry about later. I told her to never change herself to become more ordinary because it is so much better to be extraordinary!

"So like when it comes to sex. How does it work"

"Well just like there are all different kinds of pussies, there are lots of different kinds of sex. The kind that can get you pregnat is when a boy puts his penis inside a girl's vagina and shoots his sperm inside."

"That sounds gross."

"But boys can put their penis in a girl's mouth or anus, or in a boy's mouth or anus too. Two girls can have sex by touching or licking each other too. And it can feel weird and awkward at first, but you might find yourself becoming curious as your hormones keep changing. Sex with another person is pretty exciting when you really like them."

"How do I know if I like boys or girls"

"If you get the sort of butterflies inside you feeling around a person, that means you like them, whatever gender they are. You might find you like one or the other or both."

"But how can I know right now though? I don't ever see anyone or talk to anyone"

I tried to hint that she could practice with her sister, but she thought that was weird and suggested that I show her pictures of different people I thought were attractive and she would tell me what she thought.

I showed her a variety of pictures, nothing too explicit, and she thought maybe she like girls better. There was one redhead that felt like butterflies. I told her that of course relationships are about more than sex, and we don't get to choose who gives us those desirous feelings, but that we do get to choose what we do about those feelings.

She felt sad and thought she'd probably never fall in love due to being so isolated with no friends, and I encouraged her to challenge herself to get out more and meet people, but that even if she didn't have the opportunity to have sex she could touch herself like we talked about.

"So how do I do that?"

"Lots of ways, you can slowly stroke your vulva and see what parts feel good. You can put a finger inside your vagina and thrust in and out, you can rub your clitoris, making little circle motions with a finger, try different things and see what you like. You might find that it doesn't feel like much at first but it starts feeling better and better as you rub yourself more and more. It can build up to a sort of internal peak of pleasure called an orgasm."

"Can you show me how to do it?"

So I found her a couple of gifs and said goodnight. My phone battery was dying and I had to go to bed with my wife. J was upset the next day. "Idek what to say to u she feels shocked and uncomfortable." I told her that I taught boys and girls in the 12-13 age range all this stuff and it often made young people feel weird and restless and a little gross but it was still important to know about. I went over all the things we talked about and said that A seemed very curious and interested all during our chat. So J felt a little better.

A few days later we were chatting again and J thought A was still acting standoffish and embarrassed. She admitted she hadn't touched her little sister at night in a week, so I sent her a bunch of teasing photos of sisters kissing and said "It would be so sweet to taste her lips"

"Omgggg that literally made me all nervouse feeling and turned on. And idk what to say to u or her like I feel like all u said was good and the way you approached it, maybe she's just still nervous"

I asked her if she was falling in love with her sister, if she was getting those butterfly feelings herself, and she admitted she had started feeling that way, she didn't even know when, and I'd been leading her down this path but here she was and she didn't know what to do. Maybe she should let A talk to me again.

So after a little arguing back and forth (J is a terribly bratty sub), I found myself back on with A. I told her it was okay if she was feeling self conscious, that I'd given her a lot to think about all at once.

"Yeah I was shocked. I tried doing what that girl in the video did and it felt weird."

"I'm sorry it was so sudden but it's time for you to be learning these things." I reminded her that she's not a child anymore and as her body changes she has to learn how to deal with more grown up things. I told her that if she touched herself while she wasn't aroused she probably wouldn't feel much.

"Then if you get me aroused will it feel good?"

"Is that what you want?"

"Maybe it will I don't know anything about this"

"Do you want to be aroused? Do you want that fluttery feeling?"

"I'm bored so i guess"

That was good enough for me. I pulled up the picture of the redhead she'd liked previously and told her this girl came over and whispered in her ear "A, can I kiss you?" Then I found more pictures of redheads that matched well enough to put together a plausible story starting with kissing, and teasing and touching, disrobing and touching each other's breasts, getting naked and saying "You make me so crazy, A, I'm so hot for you!"

"I feel really ughh gooey down there"

"She takes you hand in hers and she presses it against her pussy"

"Oh my"

"Now start touching yourself down there. If you're really gooey that means you're ready."

She needed me to talk her through it again and help her find her clit.

"Okay, it's ticklish and sensitive"

I found a gif of just gentle clit rubbing with a thumb.

"Doing it like that feels good. Wow"

"How long do I do it for? I wish I could do this to another girl and her me"

"Sometimes, especially if you keep thinking about someone you like and thinking about them touching you and kissing you, your pleasure will start to increase. You'll feel better and better and those feelings will get stronger, kind of like it feels when you build up to a sneeze"

"It's feeling a lot better doing it like in that last video."

"And then like a sneeze there will be a big release of pressure and you will suddenly feel wonderful and relaxed. That's called an orgasm. Sometimes we call it 'cumming'"

"I want to do that!"

If you practice playing with yourself you can learn how to do it. I know your sister does all the time."

"She does?"

"Yes, J masturbates a lot. After you are asleep she touches herself to make herself cum. Not every night but many."

A stopped typing after that. She was busy. I told her she could always ask me any questions, and gave her a kiss-face emoji goodbye.

This time J was impressed. She though it was hot the way I talked to her kid sister. I said I always treat women with respect unless I find out they like to be treated like a dumb whore, which she loved. I told her again that one day she'd get to watch her little sister being violated by a dog tearing into her tight virgin pussy. I told her that A was hungry to be touched by another girl and she trusted J so much she would do anything. She was willing to sit next to her sister while we texted.

A revealed that she hadn't cum yet, but enjoyed herself. I told her now she knew the sorts of things she could think about to get herself aroused, and she thanked me. I asked her who she though J thinks about when she touches herself.

"She says no one. I think she's lying. She's telling me to shut up. Do you know who she does it to?"

"I don't know for sure but I have a few guesses. She's embarrassed to talk about it, but I think it's silly to be embarrassed about masturbating."

A demanded to know my guesses, but I figured J would be really upset if I said too much. She didn't want her little sister to know that she lost her virginity to a dog! And if A found out that J really wanted to fuck her, how would she react? But A kept asking over and over, so I gave her a couple of hints. I said that I figured she thought about who she first had sex with, and that there was someone new she'd just started thinking about. She kept pushing for more, so I told her that the new person was someone she knew, and that confused her because she said she didn't know anybody. 

"It couldn't be me?"

"I'm not saying you're wrong."

Now A was very confused. She didn't understand and I felt uncomfortable telling her more. I didn't want J to get mad and cut me off. But now A was mad and told me I was being mean.

The next day J was very cool about the whole thing. She said she was surprised I hadn't told A everything considering how pushy I get with her. So I asked her if she wanted me to tell A, and she answered "yes and no," and the yes part was all I needed. I knew from all our conversations that J wanted to fuck her little sister, that they loved each other very much and were super close, and that A looked up to J so much she would do anything for her. I knew A knew next to nothing about sex but had gotten very curious very fast, and that she looked up to me and followed my advice.

I knew I could get these two sisters to have sex.

But A was already asleep in her room, so I told J to go in and feel her up. She was damp, so she must have been touching herself again. I had J taste her, too.

"She tastes different. Good different. Omggg"

"That's her own juices. I knew she was touching herself. And I know she was doing it thinking about you. The next time you taste her she will me awake, J"

"I came"

"The next time you cum, it will be on A's fingers. She's going to belong to you body and soul"

"Stop itt. Maybe we shouldn't"

In J's post-orgasm clarity she was feeling guilty and wrong again. I went through all the reasons why sister incest is a beautiful and healthy thing, no matter what society says, and eventually she agreed to trust me. "No matter how nervous I get we will make this work, master. You have complete control now." She even agreed I could tell A about her first time.

But the next night, J started off with "I've been kinda scared all day to talk to you." She didn't want to put A on, and kept trying to distract me and change the subject. She wanted so much reassurance and hand-holding and pictures to turn her on, and finally I snapped at her.

"You're mad at me. I'm sorry. It's such a big step for me."

I demanded that she give A the phone, and finally she complied. I apologized to the young teen for not having been forthcoming the night before, and I promised to answer all her questions. I told her that J is indeed attracted to her, and loves her as more than just a sister.

"You said while you were touching yourself that you wished you could have another girl touching you, and for you to touch. J wishes she could be that girl."

"Oh yeah, I remember. Wait what? I'm confused"

I explained that this attraction had developed recently and gradually but that now J touches herself thinking about her. I hoped it didn't upset her.

"But why does she? I'm not upset, I don't know how to feel. So she like likes me?"

I confirmed it, and told her she doesn't have to respond the same way, that she could take the time she needed to figure out her own feelings, but that it was important that she know.

"What should I do?"

"I know you've been a little concerned that you will never find a partner to try anything with, but if you are willing to give J a chance, you could explore some things together."

"I don't know what to do or how that would work"

"The two of you know each other so well and trust each other so much, it could really be good for both of you. You could start just by cuddling the same way you always do, but touching more of each other's bodies, kissing a little and whispering things you love about her in her ear."

"I'm nervous to touch her"

"Then grab her hand and put it on yourself first."

"What do u think she will do?"

"She's done this more than you, let her show you how to touch a woman"

"So what should I do to her then?"

"I think she will tease your nipple and then kiss and lick them while her fingers play with your pussy. You can just enjoy it and make whatever sounds you feel like making."

She wanted more guidance and reassurance about what to touch, and where, and when, and how. I gave her as many tips as I could and then said, "After you two do some exploring with each other and you decide how you like it, then I'll tell you about her first time, okay?"

But A can be as bratty as her older sister. She demanded to know right away and said she wouldn't go until I told her. I told her that J was afraid it would freak her out. She promised not to be upset. So I tried to explain carefully.

"J was 14 too, and had to figure all this stuff out on her own. She didn't have a big sister to show her how to make things feel good. She heard that sex is when a woman gets a penis put in her vagina."

"Yeah it is"

"So she wanted to try it, and she wasn't sure about getting a boy to try it, but she was getting more and more desperate so she had to try something"

"So she had sex with an old man?"

"No, she didn't want to get pregnant and wanted to be safe at home when she tried it"

"Then who?"

"Do you remember your stepdad's dog?"

"Wait yes, well it was my dad, her stepdad"

"Anyway, it was a boy dog, so she thought she could just try it with him."

"She lost her virginity to our dog??"

"Yes, that's why she was too embarrassed to tell you. And why I wanted to be sure that you had good sex education so you wouldn't resort to trying something so extreme."

"Like how did that work, that's gross isn't it"

"So the thing is, all sex is gross if you want to see it that way. A dog and a girl can't talk about how they feel or what they want to do, and once the dog gets started he won't stop for anything"

"What do you mean? Now I'm curious. I didn't know that was possible. It's so weird. I can't believe she did that."

"So it was a strange experience and it hurt some (like first time penetration often does) but it felt good enough that she did it again a few times"

"Oh"

"It's one of those things that sometimes people do and never talk about because everyone thinks of it as shameful even though it's not really hurting anyone."

"Can I see it?"

So, heaven help me, I sent her a photo of a dog fucking a woman.

"Woah. That's so weird"

"There's nothing wrong with being curious or trying new things. But it's good to know what you are getting into and J hadn't really thought it through, so she's lucky it turned out okay"

"I'm glad you're teaching me things"

I reminded her that "weird" and "normal" are terms that society applies, but that people do lots of different things and it's all okay. That staying home naked all the time might be weird to most people but is normal and comfortable for her. "People can get judgmental over things they think are different, but different doesn't mean bad."

"I'm going to go talk to J"

I heard from J late the following morning (afternoon her time): "Sooo uhhh ur gonna be mad"

"I guess I was asleep whenever she decided to come to my bed because I remember waking up in the night and she was just cuddling with me asleep. When we woke up this morning we had a long talk"

"Yeah? Is she okay with everything?"

"Yes, and we actually made out but our mom was up so we didn't do anything. I did cup her pussy and let her mine and she was so wet"

"WOW, that's so hot"

"I was so turned on. She's a pretty awkward kisser but I'll work on that"

"She'd never even felt herself get wet before like two nights ago. Now she is gushing because she is hot for YOU! How does that make you feel?"

(Big-eyed emoji) "Hot"

"I told you to trust me. You are going to have one special night tonight, you're going to give A her very first orgasm."

"Also I can't believe you told her about the dog. Kinda mad."

"She was surprisingly unfazed by it"

"She was asking me all sorts of questions about it"

"I think if you ever get access to a dog she will definitely want to watch you do it, and I think she will probably want to try it herself"

"That would probably be hot to see"

She told me they'd had a long intimate converstaion about how and why they liked each other and I wished them good luck. Later that night I got this message:

"Sooo uhhhh. We did it...

"Haha so like it was like an hour and a half long now. She's sleeping I wore her out. I came almost a 3rd time, I think she did twice as well.

"It was so fucking amazing!! I wish u coulda seen us it was like a real life porno. I ate her out absolutely, she licked me for a second but wasn't into it so I showed her how to run and finger me. And fuckkkkkk her sucking on my nipples was amazing"

 "You have to admit it never would have happened it I hadn't pushed you both."

"Yes master, this all happened because of you!!"

"So... which is hotter? Bestiality or incest?"

"Hahahaha idek!! They are equally hot. Just need to combine them"

"That's a perfect answer! Was she really cute and innocent the whole time?"

"She really was. Like I felt like I was in control and could just show her and teach her and like truly make love"

"Was it better than previous girlfriends?"

"It was a different experience on a whole new level. She didn't make much noise, she breathed hard and I could feel her pussy pulsing when she orgasmed so I knew. She put 4 fingers in me!!!"

Then she wanted me to degrade her, so I told her how brave and sweet her sister is and how dumb, lazy, horny and sick she is, more like a pet dog than a useful human being. She loved it.

"Thank you master... for everything"

I got to talk to A a couple of nights later. I said, "Sounds like things worked out pretty well. Did you enjoy having sex?"

"That was really fun"

"J really knows how to make you feel good. What was your favorite part?"

"I guess the orgasms felt really nice. And it was fun seeing her reactions to my fingers in her. Oh and I loved the tickle feeling of her licking my vagina."

"She wanted to lick you so bad. She told me weeks ago how much she wanted to taste you."

"Did she really??"

"It must be funny looking down between your legs and seeing J looking back up at you."

"My eyes were closed"

"You should try it with eye contact. You know each other so well you can communicate with just a look."

"She says she's not in the mood right now, and I'm tired"

"I heard you were very curious about the dog."

"Oh yeah I suppose. We were talking about it the other day."

"You wanted to watch some videos, so I sent them to J. She said she will show them right now"

"Those were crazy!"

"Can you imagine J doing that?"

"Yes"

"Would you like to watch her do it in person?"

"Yes!"

"Do you think you might try it?"

"I don't want to do it alone but maybe"

"If your sister was holding your hand? and kissing your cheeks?"

"Yes I want to, it looks fun. I want to do the same that my sister does. I want to be like her. She's laughing but I'm serious"

They've kept having wonderful sex, and J and I have kept chatting. She goes back and forth between sweet romantic thoughts about her sister and scenarios where A is brutally raped by a dog and I tie them up and take both of their anal virginities. She's a sick messed-up puppy and I love her for it.
