Sleepover with Chris and Ollie



Rainbow called Chris's Mom the next day. They were both pretty hungover. "I feel so horrified and disgusted at what I did," Chris's Mom told her over the phone.

"You were really enjoying it at the time, though," Rainbow defended.

"No, you're right. And it's not like I haven't let Chris lick me before," C.M. groaned. "It's just kind of awful to think of myself as a--" she lowered her voice to a hoarse whisper--"dog fucker."

Rainbow laughed a little. "I know. It kind of fucks with your head for a little while. You get used to it."

"I mean, I'd convinced myself that it wasn't so bad to let him make me cum. It wasn't exactly ... but now ... I mean, now I've committed BESTIALITY." Rainbow could hear Chris's Mom throwing up into the toilet after she said this.

"It's REALLY dirty, I know, I know," Rainbow soothed. "But that's part of what makes it so hot. It's so gross but it feels so good."

"Chris is kind of going nuts here too, trying to mount me every time I bend over. I guess he thinks I'm his bitch now."

"You are his bitch now, C.M." Rainbow told her matter-of-factly.

"Fuck! This is so bad, Rainbow."

But when they talked again the next day, Chris's Mom felt a little better about it. In fact, she'd let Chris lick her to orgasm again, and she'd started to think about maybe letting him take her again. Rainbow felt proud that she was helping another girl come to terms with something so forbidden; and this time there was no risk that Chris was going to get his mom pregnant.

Before a month was out, Chris's Mom was letting her dog fuck her a couple of times a week. "It's so awful, Rainbow, but I can't stop."

"It's not so awful, really, though. It's a lot easier than having a boyfriend."

"Yeah, he never tries to argue with me at least."

"I'm jealous of you, C.M., I think it's time you shared him again."

"You never told me how many times you let him fuck you while you were dog sitting."

Rainbow let herself relive those happy memories for a few moments. "Every day. Sometimes more than once."

"Part of me wants him away from me for a while, and part of me never wants him to leave again."

"I have an idea," Rainbow said. "I haven't told you this yet, but Chris is not the first dog I fucked."

"WHAT?!"

"Shush. What if I arranged a little sleepover here, with you and Chris and me and Ollie the golden retriever. It would be a lot more fun if we each had a dog to play with."

"OMG, Rainbow, you are insane."

"But also a genius, right?"

Chris's Mom sighed. "Yes, an insane genius. I'm going to regret this, but count us in."

***

Rainbow was quick to give Chris's Mom a hug on her way in, and then a hug and a kiss for Chris. It was funny how much she enjoyed his tongue in her mouth. "Chris, this is Ollie. Ollie, this is Chris. Be nice, there's plenty of us to go around." The two dogs sniffed each other for a moment and quickly decided to be pals.Ollie's owner had left him on the condition that Rainbow fuck the dog and owner together on pickup.

Rainbow's brother was holed up in the bedroom, giving them free reign of the rest of the house. They had a few drinks to get loosened up first, but both girls were eager to get to the reason they'd convened. "We have to decide who gets which dog first. Then we can swap in the morning," Rainbow said. "You want to play a little game for it?"

"Sure," Chris's Mom said, petting Ollie curiously.

"We'll let them lick us, switching every 60 seconds, and whoever cums first, we stick with that partner."

C.M. laughed. "Based on last time, that's not going to take long. I think you came before 60 seconds were even up!"

"I'll try and hold off this time," Rainbow said. "Or we can make it like the third orgasm?"

"No, first is fine. I'll start with Chris and you start with Ollie."

They disrobed together, each enjoying the sight of the other's sexy fit body. They put their socks on the dogs' front paws. Both girls were grinning as they sat side by side on the couch and opened their legs. Chris went right to work, but Ollie seemed a little distracted. He wanted to check out what his new friend was doing, and investigate the smell his owner was giving off. Rainbow grabbed his collar and redirected him to her own very wet pussy, and he quickly got the idea. But very shortly the timer on her phone went off, and she dragged him away from her and over to Chris's Mom. The dogs were confused and jumpy--this wasn't quite as easy as it had seemed in her mind--but eventually got their noses into the right crevices. Rainbow was already close, really close, but she didn't want the game to be over yet. Before long the timer went off again and she sent Chris back to his mom and had Ollie licking again relentlessly at her clit.

Rainbow let out a moan as sweat seemed to drip from every pore. She gritted her teeth and held back her orgasm like a dam holding back and enormous lake. Her timer went off again and she exhaled. But it was only seconds after Chris started licking her again that the damn burst and she cried out as she came. The pairs were set, but she let Chris keep licking until she'd cum a second time and Chris's Mom finally climaxed on Ollie's tongue.

"Don't worry, C.M., Ollie's a true gentleman. And he's big, believe me, but not QUITE as big as Chris."

"Let's have one more drink first. I can't believe I'm fucking a total stranger's dog now."

They had a shot, but the dogs were jumping up and yipping at them impatiently, so they went back to the couch, got on their knees, and bent over. Again both dogs jostled to mount Chris's Mom. Something inside Rainbow got furiously hot when she realized both dogs favored her friend over her. She pulled Chris back over to her own ass and back, and he quickly followed and jumped up on her, humping her. She felt his penis prodding her pelvis and reached back to guide him inside.

He pounded her furiously, an animal who couldn't be stopped. Rainbow couldn't imagine trying to fight him off her now that he'd decided she was his bitch. It hurt. Even with the socks, his claws scratched her, his muscular body weighed heavy on her back, and his swelling cock smashed deep and hard against her cervix, making her wince and see stars with every thrust. She started crying out in pain even as she could hear her friend crying out in pleasure. But finally Chris's thrusts slowed as his knot took hold. Now the pain wasn't deep inside, but all around the ring of her vagina. He stretched her so much, and it burned. But as he filled her with rivulets of his dog semen, the pressure gradually turned from pain to an urgent squeezing on a spot inside her that made her start to pant and see stars in a different way. She reached over and grabbed C.M.'s hand and they clasped together and orgasmed at the same time.

Chris wasn't done though, he was tied and pulsing more and more cum into Rainbow. Ollie was doing the same to Chris's Mom. Rainbow reached down to stroke her clit, and it was like an electrical connection with her g-spot, being squeezed and pulsed by Chris's knot. This was better than any human cock, or any sex toy she'd ever had. She came again, even harder this time. So hard she either squirted or emptied her bladder on the floor of the living room. When she could, she looked back at her friend. Chris's Mom's eyes were rolled back into her head. She was cumming so hard the couch was shaking. Fuck, the whole ROOM was shaking.

Finally Chris's knot popped out of her vagina, and his dick slid out after, on a flood of cum. The floor was getting seriously drenched. She petted Chris and told him what a good boy he was, and he jumped up onto the couch and started licking his own dick. Rainbow turned her attention back to her friend and Ollie. He was still knotted securely in her pussy. She stroked Chris's Mom's cheek, but she was in another world. She grabbed her friend by the shoulders and slowly pivoted her so she was parallel to the couch instead of leaning into it. Then she crawled underneath. She didn't want to waste the huge load of cum that would soon be pouring out of her friend's pussy above her.

She reached up to touch Chris's Mom's clit, which sent her moaning and spasming through yet another orgasm. Ollie finally had diminished enough to pull out and Rainbow had positioned herself perfectly. Her face was inundated with a thick stream of watery dog cum. She sat up and pushed her mouth against her friend's vagina and sucked out another huge load of the weirdly different fluid. She swallowed the mixture of Ollie's and C.M.'s juices.

"Holy shit, Rainbow, what did you just do?"

Ollie jumped up on the couch next to Chris, and the girls helped the dogs lick their dicks and slurp down any remaining cum. After that, they collapsed against each other, too tired to fight their lovers for the couch. "They really made us their bitches," Rainbow said.

She got a text message on her phone. "My brother wants to know if it's safe to come out yet."

They laughed together. 

"Honestly, though, he's seen me in a lot worse shape."

"And he's seen me naked at least," C.M. added. "I really thought I was going to get to fuck him that night."

"Do you want to?" Rainbow asked eagerly. "I'm sure he would if we asked him to."

"He'd fuck me after sloppy seconds from a dog?"

"He's done it to me," Rainbow said, blushing.

"Wait, WHAT?! I thought you said you only sucked him off?"

"I lied," Rainbow shrugged.

"You are such a fucking bad girl!" Chris's Mom said, shaking her head. "I guess I'd better let him fuck me just so he doesn't end up fucking YOU."

"I mean, he will. Maybe not tonight, though," Rainbow said, grinning. She texted her brother to come fuck C.M.

They let Rainbow's brother have the couch to sleep on. They filled the bed, Chris and his mom on one side, Rainbow and Ollie on the other, the two sweaty and sticky girls pressed up against each other to make enough room for the dogs. Chris's Mom closed her eyes and quickly fell into a deep sleep. Rainbow got on her phone and described what had just happened on the "Rainbow's Best Friend" chat. She typed on her phone for almost two hours before finally begging off to get a little rest. She smiled at the sounds of three creatures breathing and snoring around her. She rested her head against Ollie's furry body and thought about what a truly lucky girl she was.

***

Rainbow woke up a couple of hours later, while the world was still asleep. Chris's Mom was spooning her, a hand draped over Rainbow's stomach. Rainbow felt her pussy throbbing, still gooey with Chris's cum and beginning to lubricate again from her own horniness. She didn't want to wait, she wanted to cum again NOW. So she guided C.M.'s hand to her pussy. She felt her friend stir behind her.

"Just rub me off quick and you can go back to sleep," Rainbow begged. Chris's Mom grunted an incomprehensible reply, but her finger reached up to Rainbow's clit and started making gentle circles around it.

Rainbow breathed in deeply and raggedly as she held her friend's hand and guided her to rub harder and faster. It didn't take long. She orgasmed from her friend's half-asleep fingering, and then C.M. fell back asleep with her hand still lodged in Rainbow's wet cleft.

Rainbow dozed a little longer, but she was up early. She brought bowls of cereal for her and her friend and bowls of dog food for the pets. Chris's Mom groaned at being awakened. "Do we have to get up so early?"

"Yes, because I want to get fucked again," Rainbow said, poking her naked friend in various ticklish parts.

"Stop, stop. I need to pee."

"I think we all do," Rainbow said, prodding the dogs onto their feet as well. "Let's all go out in the back and water the yard."

"Um, you've got a bathroom," Chris's Mom said, groggily.

"Yeah, but the boys go outdoors. No reason we can't, too. Don't worry, no one can see us."

"Rainbow, I stand by the 'insane' part, and I'm seriously rethinking the 'genius' part." But Chris's Mom followed Rainbow and the dogs to the back yard, enclosed in a high privacy fence. The dogs lifted their legs, and Rainbow squatted, and they all urinated happily. C.M. shook her head ruefully and followed, her pee sputtering shyly to start but building to full force. "This is so weird," she said.

"I don't think it's the most weird thing you're going to do this morning. Come on, let's eat and then get to the fucking. I'll show you how to do missionary with Chris."

After the dogs had licked the cereal bowls as well as their own bowls, Rainbow stacked up the couch cushions for Chris's Mom to lie down on. "Chris really likes it this way," Rainbow said, pushing C.M. into position and guiding Chris between her parted thighs. "Good boy. Fuck your mommy face to face now."

Rainbow sat next to her friend as her dog mounted her forcefully, thrusting deep into her, belly-to-belly and nose-to-nose. Chris licked his mom's face, and C.M. opened her mouth and started licking her dog's mouth impulsively, passionately, lost and out of her mind. She wailed and moaned as Chris destroyed her pussy. Chris's Mom stopped making sounds that resembled a human. Her grunts and cries were animalistic, instinctual, unselfconscious, filled with pain and desire and fulfillment and disgust. It was fascinating and arousing to see her friend descend so quickly from a rational person to a senseless beast.

Chris had knotted in his mom, and their flesh had become one. They were panting and growling and whimpering, the hot thick smell of sex and sweat and dog filling the room. Ollie kept trying to join in, and Rainbow kept pullin him back. "You're mine this morning, okay? I don't want to be patient, either." There weren't more couch cushions, so rainbow gathered blankets, towels, and pillows to make a big enough pile for her. She didn't care if it all got covered in dog cum and ruined. She had to have sex with Ollie NOW.

"Come on, boy," she said, slapping her pussy and calling to Ollie. "I love you so much, my first doggy." Ollie got up on top of Rainbow and she wrapped her arms and legs around his furry body. They licked each other's faces while Ollie's slick shaft searched for Rainbow's oozing hole. "OH," she yelped when he made contact. Her head snapped back as he pounded her, obliterating her vagina, sending her into an orgasm that bridged torture and ecstacy. Finally his knot swelled and he sealed himself into Rainbow. She could feel his hot penis throbbing inside her, feel the hot liquid filling her insides. "Breed me," she moaned, irrationally wanting his puppies inside her, a belly swollen with his offspring, her tits leaking milk again but for him, for a dog, for this hairy animal pressing down on her body, his smiling doggy mouth drooling into her own. "FUCK!" she sobbed as he kept fucking her, his dark doggy eyes looking into hers. Tears streamed down her face as she thrust her hips into him, pulling against his glorious knot, sending herself into paroxyms of cumming and cumming again and cumming again until her brain was insane or burned out or so lit up with pleasure nothing felt like anything anymore. And still Ollie was there, his hot furry body pressed against hers so she could hardly breath and certainly not escape him. Not that she would ever want to. 

And then suddenly he was done, pulling away, tearing his knot from her ruined and splayed-out vagina. She quickly covered her pussy with one hand to keep his cum inside her. She knew she couldn't really have his puppies, but her body exuded an intense desire to be impregnated by this beast. Ollie bumbled forward, unsure of where to plop down on the cluttered floor. Rainbow grabbed at him with her other hand and guided him over to where she could suck his still-spurting cock. Dog cum tasted so good to her now. She sucked as much of his dick into her mouth as would fit. "I love this so much," Rainbow thought to herself. She took a moment to silently thank her Reddit friend Dog for pushing her to try. Then she fingered herself to another intense orgasm. Ollie finally had enough and jumped up on the couch next to Chris. Rainbow looked over at Chris's Mom who was strewn across the cushions, seemingly in a deep coma. Rainbow closed her eyes, too. Later on she'd get to fuck Ollie again, with Ollie's owner. And then she'd have to go without for a while. Maybe it wasn't a crazy idea to get a dog of her own, she thought, dropping back into a doze. Maybe a slightly smaller dog, one she could give her asshole too as well.

The two friends napped side by side on their piles of cum-covered cushions and dreamed of worlds where nobody cared if they fucked all the dogs they wanted.
