Sophie's First Knot

Morning started slowly, with showers and breakfast and walking and feeding the dogs. But there was electricity in the air the whole time. Everyone was just waiting for Rainbow to be ready to go back into bitch mode. The previous night had been fun, intense, and unforgettable, but it just made everyone hungry for more.

"I'm not going to take them all at once this time," Rainbow said. "It was amazing, but I think it's going to be a while before I need to do that again."

"You're such a delicate flower," Sophie snorted.

"I think it broke my brain a little. I still don't feel like my feet are touching the ground."

"You're lucky that's all it broke."

Rainbow winced. "Well, I do want to take it slow this morning. I feel pretty stretched out."

"For someone who claims to not care about dick size, you do seem to enjoy that a lot."

"Come on, little dicks can be just as much fun as big ones, right, Howard?" Rainbow scooped up the smallest dog and plopped him on the couch. "Let's see how deep I can suck it, I don't want to choke on Chris again today."

With a practiced hand, Rainbow stroked the spaniel's fuzzy sheath until his red rocket started to show. Sophie sat on the other end of the couch and stroked Howard's head and belly while Rainbow grabbed the base of the dog's knot and started jerking. Though he was smaller than the other dogs, his dick was a respectable size once it grew to its full extent. Rainbow knelt on the floor and took it between her lips, humming happily as she swallowed the animal's penis deep into her mouth.

Sophie had watched Rainbow suck her brother's cock plenty of times, but this was a different vibe, with Rainbow going fully submissive and just gulping down spurt after spurt of dog cum, fondling Howard's knot and balls, even circling a finger around his pulsing furry asshole. She took her time with it, and girl and dog alike seemed transfixed in a trance of dog-dick sucking. Eventually Rainbow's fingers wandered to her own slit, and before long her mouth was opening with moans of her own pleasure, spilling out streams of canine semen that rolled down her chin and splattered against her tits.

Howard took this opportunity to hop down off the couch and lick his own genitals for a while. Rainbow kept fingering herself on the floor, her head back on the seat of the couch, her eyes closed. Sophie bent down and kissed her, licking the disgusting dog cum off her face and spitting it back into her mouth. Her fingers went down to join her girlfriend's and together they gave Rainbow a shuddering orgasm.

"Who's next, sis?" her brother asked, trying to corral the two still-horny dogs.

"Chris is too big for my ass, but Ollie isn't really that much bigger than Howard was." Rainbow gave Sophie a look. "Your spit makes the best lube, Soph."

"You know I love eating your ass, babe." 

Rainbow got back on her hands and knees and Sophie dove into her ass from behind. She licked and sucked Rainbow's clean, puckered backdoor like it was a special treat. Sophie fingered Rainbow's sloppy wet pussy and used that as lube to assfuck her girlfriend with one finger, then two. She'd seen Ollie's swollen cock, though. It was way bigger than two fingers. Sophie let her mouth water and pulled her fingers out of Rainbow's asshole and plunged them into her own messy slit. She pushed her tongue deep into her girlfriend's anus and drooled as much saliva into it as she could. Then she gathered as much of her own grool on her fingers as she could and returned them to Rainbow's butthole, slowly pushing in the third finger as well. Rainbow gasped and moaned, and her brother led Ollie over to join Sophie. The golden retriever licked Sophie's face, trying to get to the same hole she was licking.

"I can't wait any more!" Rainbow wailed, grabbing Sophie's hand and pushing it away. "I need it inside me, even if it kills me!"

Ollie jumped up to mount her, and Rainbow covered her pussy with her hand while Sophie guided the dog into the hole she desired. "Oh, FUCK!" Rainbow squealed as Ollie's bone hit home. "Fuck my ass, Ollie! Break me. Break my ass, doggie! OHHH!"

Sophie watched up close as the dog's knot grew, pounding into Rainbow's stretched ass over and over while she grunted and shouted in distress. It looked like it hurt. Finally Ollie rutted deep into her and stayed still. Rainbow panted hard and sobbed in pain and pleasure. "Sophie ... it's too big. Fuck, it's so big, I think it's tearing me open!" Sophie reached under and slipped a finger into Rainbow's vagina. She could feel Ollie's dick through the warm tissue of her pussy, throbbing and squirting into her rectum above. Sophie found the right spot to rub inside, while Rainbow stroked her own clit on the outside. "Sophie, it's so big, it's so good, don't stop don't stop don't stop..."

Usually Rainbow's orgasms were plenty loud, but this one was almost silent, choked back, ultrasonic. She shook and collapsed onto the floor, gasping in pain as she pulled Ollie down with her, almost tearing open her asshole in the process. Ollie's claws scrabbled against the floor as he tried to stand up again, but he was stuck fast in Rainbow's tight hole, his baseball-sized knot far too big to pass through her sphincter.

Sophie did it without even thinking, whatever she had to do to save Rainbow from pain, supporting her literally in her time of need. She crawled under her girlfriend's belly and lifted her up so Ollie's dick wasn't straining to pop out anymore. With her own ass in the air and one more horny dog in the room, she felt afraid and exposed and also very, very aroused.

"Sophie, you saved me," Rainbow whispered.

"I'll do anything for you, Rainbow. I love you."

The two girls clasped hands while the dog continued pumping sperm deep into Rainbow's colon. "Remember, Sophie, this was all your idea."

"Never in a million years did I think this would happen."

"Have you ever known me to back down from a challenge?"

"It wasn't even a challenge, though. It was a joke."

"I guess not everyone got the message."

"I want to kiss you right now, but I'm holding you up."

"I know. my knees don't work anymore. I want to cum one more time, though."

Sophie reached over to Rainbow's clit and slowly massaged it. "I don't think you can manage Chris after this, though, Rainbow. It might kill you."

Rainbow moaned. "Don't stop, Sophie."

"I won't. But after this, let me take care of Chris, okay?"

"Oh, fuck, Sophie, you're going to make me cum just saying that."

"I'm serious. You know I would do it if you asked me to, but if I hate it you'd feel bad. I want to do it on my own, not just because you want me to."

Rainbow moaned wordlessly as waves of pleasure crashed over her, crushing her consciousness into nothing. Her body again became dead weight on Sophie's back. She was so hot it felt like her skin was on fire. Sophie could feel her girlfriend's heart pounding into her back like a clattering jackhammer. Even without touching herself, Sophie felt close to orgasming or fainting, she wasn't sure which.

Finally Rainbow gasped and drew a ragged breath, as if suddenly coming out of a coma. She whimpered quietly for a few more minutes until Ollie dismounted and tore his slowly diminishing knot out of the girl's abused and tortured asshole. Sophie slid out from under Rainbow and propped her up on the couch. Her girlfriend's anus gaped lewdly. Dog cum trickled out of the wide hole, soaking into the couch cushions.

Sophie sat down between Rainbow's widely spread thighs and leaned back to become the little spoon. Rainbow squeezed her tummy, and Sophie could still feel her heartbeat and her hot sweaty skin. 

"Are you sure you're ready for this?" Rainbow's brother asked, guiding Chris over to the girls.

"No," Sophie peeped, "but I'm going to do it anyway."

As soon as Rainbow's brother let go, Chris lunged excitedly into Sophie's lap. The pink tip of his dick immediately found her vagnia, where only two penises had ever gone before. She threw her head back and her cheek brushed against Rainbow's. Chris's hot dog cock was fucking her more roughly than she'd ever been fucked before, and it felt goooood.

"Oh, shit, Sophie, he's fucking you so hard," she heard Rainbow's voice in her ear while Chris licked her face, probing his tongue into her wide-open mouth. She thought she was screaming but she couldn't really tell. The world had gone all hot and melty, fuzzy and furry around the edges, pounding into her a million times a second.

When she could breath again she realized she'd just cum. But it was different from any orgasm she'd ever had before. Chris had stopped violently thrusting, but she felt a hot ache in her pussy that pounded in rythm with her heart. She could feel Chris's hot dick inside her, pushed deep against her cervix, spraying liquid against every nook and cranny of her vagina. She felt inside out, she felt so FULL, she felt pressure and rubbing on a spot inside that made her muscles convulse.

As she came she could feel one cheek get wet from Chris's slobber and the other from Rainbow's tears. "Sophie, you're a dog slut just like me. We're both Chris's bitch now. I love you so much, Soph."

Time stood still while Chris pumped Sophie full of cum, his knot stretching her pussy far more than it had ever been stretched before. She mouthed the words, "I love you too" but she had no breath left to speak. Sometime later, it was impossible to tell through the orgasmic trance, Sophie felt Chris's knot dislodge from her and a sharp sting as he pulled his still huge dick out of her. She could feel cool air reach deep inside her followed by Chris's talented tongue lapping up all the juices he'd deposited in her. That strong tongue made her cum one more time, and she felt as broken as Rainbow had been.

Suddenly human sex wasn't the only option anymore. Sophie felt bruised and exhausted as if she'd just been through a krav maga tournament. But she also felt a warmth and deep satisfaction inside different from anything she'd felt before. She twisted around to face Rainbow and kissed her. "You are the craziest bitch I can imagine, and every day I want you just a little bit more."

Rainbow just grinned and mouthed the words "DOG SLUT." They fell into fits of laughter, followed by a well-deserved nap on the very stained couch.
