Sophie Gets to Watch

When CM got to the door, she could hardly keep Chris on the leash. He was running around in circles, jumping up, and pawing at the door. Rainbow opened it and the dog immediately nuzzled his snout into the crotch of her jeans. (She'd thought about wearing a skirt, but she knew what to expect from Chris and she wasn't sure she was ready to let CM see all that just yet.)

"Oh, shit, I'm sorry, Rainbow. He seems really excited to see you."

"Well like I said, I love having him over. I just want to give Sophie the chance to see what it's like having a dog. I'm so close to pulling the trigger on it, but Sophie's going to have to live with him too."

CM came in and dropped off Chris's food and bag of toys. Sophie jumped over to her and hugged her while Chris was still pawing at Rainbow. "I'm Sophie, thanks for letting us borrow your sweet guy here."

"No problem. I hope it works out and you decide to get a boy of your own."

Rainbow and Sophie exchanged glances. Sophie said, "I like dogs, but HAVING a dog is a whole other thing." She crouched down and started rubbing Chris's head. He responded by licking her mouth eagerly.

"Every time I get to spend time with Chris, I learn more and more how much I love having a dog," Rainbow said, sitting down on the floor next to Sophie and reaching to pet Chris's furry chest. Chris kept licking Sophie's face. She didn't look thrilled about it, but she didn't push him away, either.

"You want to grab a beer out of the fridge and hang out, watch us play with your dog?" Sophie offered, laughing as Chris moved his face from her lips to her shorts.

"I'd love to, but I'm on my way somewhere," CM said. "But I'll be sure to make time when I come pick him up, okay?" She reached down and grabbed Chris's collar, trying to pull him away from sniffing Sophie's pussy. "Be good for them, okay?" She gave Chris a quick kiss on the head and gave Rainbow a hug before leaving.

Rainbow didn't even wait for the car to pull away before she stripped off her jeans. In fact, part of her was hoping CM had forgotten something and would come back in through the door and catch her. "Come on, Chris, come to Rainbow," she said, sitting on the floor with her legs spread, slapping her pussy to try to draw his attention. She was already dripping wet and aching for his cock.

But Chris had found a new best friend. He danced around Sophie like Rainbow wasn't even there, licking at her face, sniffing at her crotch, trying to push her over onto all fours. "You dummy," Sophie laughed, "Rainbow's all ready for you and it's ME you want to fuck?"

The fact that her dog wanted to fuck her girlfriend more than her drove Rainbow wild. She pulled off the rest of her clothes and played with her nipples, moaning, begging, "Please, somebody fuck me."

Sophie scooted over and put her face in Rainbow's pussy. It only took a few licks before Rainbow was close to cumming. Sophie had her ass up in the air and Chris jumped on top, trying to mount her, humping her roughly against her shorts. The sight of it combined with Sophie's talented tongue took her over the edge. Rainbow came, wailing and spasming and gasping. She pushed Sophie's head away. "I love you, baby, but I need my doggie."

Sophie struggled to stand up, getting out from under Chris's thrusting furry body. She directed his head between Rainbow's thighs and he finally started licking her. Rainbow orgasmed again almost immediately. This time she pushed Chris's head away and struggled to get up on her wobbly knees. "I need him inside me."

Sophie tried to hold onto Chris's collar, but he was jumping around like a crazy dog. "Aren't we supposed to put socks on his paws?"

Rainbow got on her hands and knees and whined, "There's no time. Let him scratch me. I just need his dick NOW." Something inside her had snapped and she was 100 percent bitch in heat. She needed to be his, under his control. She needed his hot dog cum filling her SO FULL. She loved Sophie so much, but it was like she wasn't even there. All the mattered was filling her empty aching pussy with Chris's massive knot.

Sophie let go and Chris immediately jumped up onto Rainbow's back. Sophie gasped as he started violently pummeling his crotch against Rainbow's behind. She lowered her head so she could see better and shivered when she caught sight of Chris's growing red rocket already sliding into Rainbow's swollen cunt. Was the liquid dripping out mostly girl drool or canine cum? It glistened in the light and spattered against the kitchen floor. "FUUUUCK!" Rainbow grunted as the dog's knot slipped in and then out again, and then in again. It was already big, but it was getting bigger with each savage thrust.

Tears formed at the corners of Sophie's eyes. She knew that if Rainbow asked her to do this, she would. She couldn't say no to Rainbow. It had almost broken her heart to leave, even though Rainbow had told her to go, had told her it would be okay, that they'd always be friends. She swore she would follow Rainbow anywhere now. And she knew Rainbow couldn't help herself. She was going to ask Sophie to do this. She could never hold back.

Sophie watched as her girlfriend moaned in pleasure and pain as the dog brutally pounded her vagina with his giant red battering ram. She could see Rainbow lose the strength in her arms and sink her face to the floor, sagging under the ruthless assault of an animal with only one goal: to make her his cumdump bitch. Sophie couldn't imagine doing it herself. But she knew she would. The tears streamed down her cheeks. It was by far the roughest fucking she'd ever seen, but she knew she could handle that. It was more the thought of walking around for the rest of her life as a dog's bitch, as a girl who'd descended low enough to pleasure an animal, to submit totally to the will of another girl's pet dog. She shuddered.

Chris had stopped thrusting, and Sophie wiped the tears out of her eyes. She could see the dog's balls and anus pulsing as he pumped his cum into Rainbow. Sophie crawled around and petted her girlfriend's hair. Chris looked at her like he was having the time of his life and panted his dog breath into her face.

"You okay, Rainbow?" she asked, reaching down to touch Rainbow's cheek. 

With obvious great effort, Rainbow straightened her arms again and lifted herself to look Sophie in the eyes. "Mhm," was all she could say, her face plastered with a goofy smile.

Sophie leaned forward and kissed her. As their tongues intertwined, Rainbow came again, as hard as Sophie had ever seen her cum. Sophie held her tight, which wasn't easy with Chris's weight on top of her too. Sophie just kept kissing her face, her ears, her neck, and Rainbow just kept cumming with wave after wave of orgasm. Chris was licking them too, his tongue sliding over whatever parts of their faces and necks he could reach. Sophie slid her hand to one of Rainbow's nipples, and she moaned as the next wave hit even harder.

Time seemed to stand still as Rainbow came over and over in Sophie's arms, sweat dripping from her face, drool dripping from Chris's mouth, the smell of dog and cum overpowering in the small room. Eventually Rainbow managed to stutter out a few words, "I'm... uh... I'm supposed to... oh... be telling you how... ooh... how good this feels... OH!... oh... ohhh... uh... so you'll... uh... ooooh... uh... want to try it..."

Sophie laughed. "You don't have to describe it for me. I can tell how good it's making you feel."

"So... good... ooh... oooooh... can't take... UH!... much more..."

"I can't believe how long he's been stuck in you, Rainbow. He's making you cum harder than I've ever made you. I'm starting to get jealous."

Chris responded by licking Sophie in the face. That made it harder to be jealous of this dumb, happy doggo.

"OHHH! Sophie, he's gonna pull out!"

Sophie could see the pained grimace on her girlfriend's face and she struggled to get up and try to hold onto Chris. She didn't want him to hurt Rainbow. But she spun around just in time to see the dog's swollen, throbbing knot stretch Rainbow's vagina SO WIDE and pop out, followed by a flood of cum.

"Fuck!" Sophie exclaimed as Rainbow moaned.

The sudden feeling of emptiness after the sharp pain of stretching was always sad. "Grab his dick, Sophie. I want to suck him off." Rainbow wanted to keep Chris inside her forever. She wanted his cum to be part of her, to nourish her like mother's milk.

Sophie caught the dog's penis in her hand. It was still squirting, hot, red, and lustrous. Dick was never her thing, but she had to admit it was impressive. Rainbow crawled around and swallowed it like she was dying of thirst and it was a running faucet of fresh water. She put her hand on Sophie's and the spark of connection between them was like falling in love all over again. She let go of the pulsing cock so she could stroke her girlfriend's hair and the dog's fur. There was a love bond between all three of them now. Suddenly it didn't seem so crazy what Rainbow was doing. It seemed natural, and caring, and sweet.

She was curious about Rainbow's pussy, though. Since it was kind of her own property, she didn't want it damaged. She let Rainbow focus on her blowjob and crawled behind her to look. Her cunt hole was still gaping open and drooling cum. Sophie pushed a finger inside. It was so hot and wet. Three fingers were easy, so she slipped in a fourth and fucked Rainbow with her whole hand, lubed by slick dog cum. Before long she heard the pop of Chris's dick leaving Rainbow's mouth.

"Oh, fuck! Sophie!" her girlfriend groaned as Sophie vigorously fucked Rainbow's stretched-out pussy. With her other hand she found Rainbow's clit and sent her into another dimension one more time. Rainbow ended up a puddle on the floor, Chris's dick still spurting cum all over her face for a few more seconds before he'd had enough and headed to the living room couch to curl up and take a nap.

Sophie took off her clothes and spooned Rainbow there on the hard kitchen floor. They'd had sex together so many times in so many ways, but still had found something new to share. "I love you so much," Sophie whispered in Rainbow's ear. "I'll do anything for you, you know that."

"Chris and I need a little time to recover," Rainbow answered in a ragged voice.

It was then the back door opened. Rainbow's brother came in with a cocker spaniel on a leash, closely followed by a guy Sophie didn't know leading a golden retriever. Sophie squeezed Rainbow tightly. "I think we're going to have a fun weekend!"
